{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid11169887
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ALIEN FREIGHTER}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min24}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min24}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords679}{\nofchars3736}
{\nofcharsws4407}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot11169887\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid11169887 ALIEN FREIGHTER\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Craft/Freighter\line 
\line The Aliens\rquote  presence on Earth remains a mystery, and we are left with many unanswered questions. What is their objective? Whe
re did they originate? How did they get here? Although, X-Corps research has given us some understanding into the Alien Freighter\rquote s technical capabilities and presumed purpose, we still can only guess where these hulking craft hail from.\line 
\line Taking the Alien Freighters\rquote 
 floorplans into consideration, it appears that these ships were designed specifically with maximum transport capabilities in mind, as each floor houses enormous cargo holds and modularly-integrated storage containers. With only a small section 
is dedicated to ship functions, it is obvious that command, weapons control systems and armor plating were scaled back in favor of vastly increased storage space. Additionally, the ratios between the Freighter\rquote 
s power systems and humongous mass appear ridi
culously small, and maneuverability is severely impaired. The result is a lumbering ship of massive proportions: an Alien Freighter at full capacity is just barely capable of sustaining its top speed. Essentially, this ship is a gigantic flying warehouse,
 poorly armored and slow in comparison with other Alien vessels.\line \line However, pilots intercepting these Alien craft should not assume that these ships are easy targets. The Freighter\rquote 
s sheer size and bulk allow it to absorb a surprising amount of damage before
 being its armor can be penetrated and the ship taken down. Critical components are buried deep inside the ship, and damage to cargo areas will go unnoticed during an aerial battle. In fact, terrestrial aircraft have been known to break off pursuit after 
simply running out of ammunition. \line \line 
Although the Alien Freighter is well armed for a supply ship; power constraints limit the effective range of its weaponry. Nevertheless, Gryphons venturing too closely to this behemoth have often been seriously damaged or
 even destroyed outright. Skilled pilots have learned long ago to maintain a safe distance from this craft.\line \line 
According to our research, Alien Freighters are designed solely for space travel at sub-light speeds. Given their low speed and barely adequate shi
p systems, we can presume that these vessels are being constructed and launched from a site in the local interstellar vicinity, likely from within our own solar system. Furthermore, the immense cargo capacity for the Alien Freighter has been a cause for s
p
eculation, and we can now assume that the majority of these Alien supply vessels are en route to establish Alien bases here on Earth. If this is indeed the case, disrupting Alien supply lines by intercepting these Alien Freighters could dramatically slow 
t
heir onslaught. Additionally, our personnel over the Engineering Division is has requested X-Corps High Command to prioritize Alien Freighter recovery missions, as these ships are often heavily laden with valuable construction materials such as the unique
 and very scarce Xenium-122 \line \line 
Yet, low-risk opportunities to recover intact Freighters are virtually nonexistent, as these ships have a tendency to only land near Alien bases. Alternatively, if our intercepting craft manage to force one to land prematurely,
 we have a better chance to successfully capture it, though the inflicted damage drastically reduces the viability of much of the cargo. Navigating through the Freighter\rquote 
s cluttered storage holds is tricky business; small corridors and containers filled wi
th unknown substances make it a less than ideal setting for close quarter combat. For instance, a stray plasma bolt might do as little as heat up a segment of the Freighter\rquote 
s hull, or as much as releasing clouds of toxic vapors from pressurized tanks or ig
nite a fiery conflagration from vats filled with volatile chemicals. Although assaulting this type of vessel presents environmental hazards that can vary according to the cargo within its holds, we possess two distinct advantages. Firstly, the Alien crew 
of these supply ships is generally lightly armed and poorly equipped. Secondly, the Alien Freighter\rquote 
s command center is largely indefensible due to design limitations. As a result, any Alien resistance that our troops might encounter here can easily be crushed by a coordinated attack using grenades and automatic weaponry. \line \line 
"It's like a warehouse of nightmares." - Captain James Rutherford}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}