{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f122\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f123\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f125\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f126\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f127\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f128\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f129\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f130\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f512\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f513\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f516\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f519\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f520\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3082\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5322318}{\*\generator Micro
soft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title COLLECTOR}{\author Azrael}{\operator Azrael}{\creatim\yr2006\mo2\dy14\hr3\min7}{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy14\hr3\min8}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords599}{\nofchars3295}{\nofcharsws3887}{\vern24689}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1
\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5322318\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3082\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp3082 {\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid5322318\charrsid5322318 COLLECTOR\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Craft/Collector\line \line After extensive research on the new UFO Type we discovered, it seems that we are dealing with a highly specialized craft. 
The Collector UFO seems to be designed for one sole purpose: research on the Human race. 
Target persons are kidnapped and experimented on, and while there is evidence that some abductees have been returned to Earth, all suffer irreversible memory loss of the events that took place inside the Alien craft .\line \line 
The Collector can be classified as a medium sized craft featuring an uncommon design compared to other UFOs. In the centre of the ship, a floor opening is found, leaving a big hole in the UFOs hull. Interestingly the flight abilities don\rquote 
t seem to be compromised by this uncommon feature. The Collector is nearly as manoeuvrable as and even a little bit faster than other medium sized UFOs although only equipped with two power sources. 
The board armament features a single relatively short ranged high gain plasma cannon with medium firepower. The Collector's interior houses interesting medical equipment which needs further research.\line 
A maximum of eighteen crew members can be expected inside an undamaged craft, which is a fairly small compliment of Alien troops for a craft of this size. Never
theless these shock troopers should not be under estimated, as the most experienced alien soldiers are chosen for these missions, presumably to ensure that the humans are taken alive, not dead.\line \line 
Aside the skillful design of this craft, the interior shows a horrifying scene to those who dare to enter.\line 
Even a battle-hardened soldier might tremble when opening the doors and stepping into the gruesome Alien Medical Rooms, displaying entire galleries containing the remains of the poor souls examined by the Alien
 medics; unwilling participants in life despising experiments, often mutilated beyond recognition. Some of the victims are dead and preserved, some are still alive and in unimaginable states. 
It appears that even the Aliens' technology was pushed to the limit to keep these subjects alive to finish the extreme surgical procedures they underwent.\line 
Unfortunately, all the abductees perished long before the craft was secured for our medical units.\line \line The heart of this ship seems to be found in that part we call \'93Alien Medical Room\'94. 
Someday, we may be able to use the various instruments found in there for }{\b\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid5322318\charrsid5322318 benefit of mankind}{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid5322318\charrsid5322318 .\line \line 
On the bottom of the vessel some type of \'93tractor beam\'94 - a device using electromagnetic 
radiation or anti gravitational technology of some kind to move objects through the air - can be found, presumably used to lift up the abducted without the need of ground contact. 
This tractor beam, based on a version of the grav lifts which can be found inside the larger UFOs, pulls the subject into a small room, where we suspect the first person to person contact with the abductor beeing established. 
Unfortunately we do not understand how to operate or block the device as of yet, since we are unable to bring sense in the writings on the board we suspect to be the console.\line Interestingly the Aliens prefer to land and set down a group of \'93hunters
\'94 before committing the actual abduction, presumably to ensure the safe boarding of the target. We suspect, that the tractor beam cannot be used on moving persons.\line \line 
We suggest a prioritization of X-Corps activities to protect the civilian population. Just like alien terror missions, although most of the abductees do not know what happened to them, alien abductions have
 a profound psychological effect on the public, which may compromise national governments and in turn, X-Corp funding. 
Despite the resulting tactical risk, we recommend UFO's to be engaged, and captured/destroyed whenever possible before they are able to conduct their gruesome mission.\line \line "Who else wants a ride up the tractor beam?" -Dr. Zacov, X-Corps Scientist}{
\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid5322318\charrsid5322318 
\par }}