{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8267621\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title INTIMIDATOR}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min52}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min52}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords409}{\nofchars2252}
{\nofcharsws2656}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8267621\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid8267621 INTIMIDATOR}{\insrsid8267621 \line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Craft/Intimidator\line \line While Alien intentions involve 
humanity in a variety of ways, the Intimidator seems focused on one solitary aspect: the spread of terror among humankind. The Intimidator, capable of annihilating a standard interceptor in a single coordinated blast, is designed to identify large and rel
atively undefended populations, then to strike the most vulnerable site and to collect both living and dead human specimens.\line \line 
Even by itself the size of an Intimidator can generate a feeling of dread. Its bulk is covering a large area on many levels, in ord
er to be almost entirely self-contained for its purposes. It is protected by a very thick and tough layer of Alien material, which prevents almost any damage to the ship from the outside. Protruding its surface, sensors and weapons can be identified in ke
y locations all over the ship.\line \line 
The Intimidator houses a very large crew complement, powerful weapons, numerous engines, and a huge number of specialized rooms. Heavily defended and safely tucked inside the Intimidator's heart is the command center from whi
ch orders are coordinated and dispatched to the terrorist units. \line \line 
While some rooms accommodate the crew, others contain cryogenic pods where creatures designed specifically for terror attacks are kept in stasis, ready to be awakened at a moment's notice. 
These rooms are defended by frightening heavy weapon platforms programmed to destroy any intruder with ruthless precision. Other specialized rooms are probably used to keep conscious, immobilized victims transfixed in a state of sustained horror during th
eir terrible trip to an Alien base, where is uncertain what abominations might await for them.\line \line 
The weapons room is impressive, containing complex weapons systems powered directly from a large Xenium reactor. Our research has confirmed the incredible range 
of ship's massive weapons, and Interceptor pilots are strongly advised to engage this nightmarish ship at the furthest ranges possible.\line \line 
The large engine rooms are reserved for highly redundant engine systems, which are able to function even after sustaini
ng heavy damage, making the ship almost unstoppable. Also, they are powerful enough to accelerate the ship to speeds far beyond our Interceptors capabilities.\line \line 
After researching the ghastly purposes behind the Intimidator's design, our sense of moral outrage demands that our main priority is to prevent these vessels from fulfilling their inhumane missions.\line \line 
"Wow, this is bigger than a mall. Now that we got rid of the aliens inside, can we use it as a House of Horrors?" wounded corporal Bling looking for a second income}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}