{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid10703058
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title JUGGERNAUT}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min28}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min28}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords526}{\nofchars2893}{\nofcharsws3413}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot10703058\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid10703058\charrsid10703058 JUGGERNAUT\line X-Net://P
egasus.net/Alien/Craft/Juggernaut\line \line The Alien Juggernaut is quite possibly the deadliest threat X-Corps pilots will ever ever have to
 face. In addition to being nigh unstoppable, it often carries a large complement of high ranking crew and has displayed a z
ealous readiness to engage our most heavily equipped forces. Juggernauts should be engaged as far from bases or civilian population centers as possible. The use of advanced technology is a need
, as terrestrial craft and weaponry fare very poorly against these dangerous capital ships.\line \line The colossal dimensions of the Alien Juggernaut dwarf all other ships in comparison. From prisoner interrogations and analyses of captured des
ign documents, it is clear that we are dealing with a vessel that can match, if not easily outclass, anything we can currently produce. Apart from being extremely well armed and well armored, Juggernauts are also one of the fastest Alien vessel classes 
we have encountered. Earth-based fighters would have to be launched from near the Juggernaut\rquote s intended destination to attempt a risky head-on assault.\line \line 
In aerial engagements, the Alien Juggernaut sports several massive weapon systems that our engineers have dubbed 'Quantum Projection Cannons'. These fearsome weapons easily outrange and outperform any terrestrial Air-to-Air weapon in the X-Corps\rquote 
 inventory, including Titan missiles. When an United States Air Force patrol of F-22 fighters attempted to intercept one of these Juggernauts, the entire wing was obliterated before they could close to weapons range. 
All available information regarding these \lquote Quantum Projection Cannons\rquote  is insufficient to even attempt to replicate or understand, they appear to be some kind of super-heavy plasma cannons; th
eir construction may possibly involve some deep relation with Xenium-122 which we have not been able to decipher. \line \line It is recommended that Alien Juggernauts be intercepted simultaneously by multiple fighters, in the hopes that 
the multiple threats will split the Aliens\rquote 
 aim long enough to inflict enough damage and take the massive ship down. If the threat to X-Corps bases is deemed low, an alternative course of action is to allow the mammoth vessel to land and then assault it with ground forces. \line \line Leaders
 of Juggernaut ground assault missions should be highly experienced and well-trained to mitigate the extremely high risk of casualties. We can deduce from their devastating heavy weapon systems, thick armor and sheer size that these Alien vessels
 serve as the capital ships of their fleet. They are likely to be among the most heavily-crewed ships, serving in troop transport functions as well as in combat roles. They also appear well-suited for ground assaults on targets such as civ
ilian population centers and, most disturbingly of all, X-Corps bases.\line \line In addition to direct combat roles, we hypothesize that these flagships are also used to establish new Alien bases in remote locations and 
transporting high-ranking Alien creatures. The Alien Juggernaut has the potential to cause irreparable harm to our cause, and it must be defeated at every opportunity... in spite of the costs. \line \line 
"Command, this is Eagle Flight! Eagle Three is down, ...taking fire! ...can't close the gap, repeat, we are out of range! Target is too fast ... it\rquote s firing back! AAAAH!!
....."Last transmission from Eagle Flight attempting to engage an Alien Juggernaut}{\insrsid14175839\charrsid10703058 
\par }}