{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min38}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 PROBE UFO\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Craft/Probe\line \line The tiny size of these alien craft has caused a heated debate about whether they are actually piloted or just unmanned drones. X-Corps has come to name them "Probes" for this reason.\line \line Although the Probes' hu
ll is not saucer-shaped, a casual glance at the craft in flight might give the impression of possessing rotational symmetry due to its dome-shaped main body, lined with a slightly glowing propulsion system. The craft/drone discussion has been resolved when
 we learned that in fact a single alien pilots the Probe. The interior is claustrophobic and coffin-like, barely large enough for the lone pilot, with hull-integrated controls, alien devices and glyphs of mostly unknown purpose. R&D recommends that X-Corps
 soldiers should refrain from trying to operate or touch any of them in the field.\line \line In our analysis, we were not able to find any modular components. Apparently, the Probe's propulsion and navigation systems are completely integrated into the ship itself. 
While this is a very efficient design, it prevents us from learning any further details about the alien technology. The integrated design is also the reason for another important weakness: The Probe's power systems rely on exterior dissipation of excess en
ergy. When engaged in high-speed maneuvering, the surplus energy is dispersed through the hull, resulting in a blue corona around the whole craft. WWII pilots have already described the same glow effect. Simulations indicate that once this method of energy
 dissipation is compromised by otherwise negligible-seeming exterior damage, the vessel is most likely consumed in a matter of seconds by its own propulsion system, just like reported by X-Corps pilots.\line \line The swift, agile Probes rely on stealth and agility 
to accomplish their missions, often going completely unnoticed. Unarmed and only lightly armored, the threat these craft pose is not terror and destruction, but surveillance and espionage. Probes appear to be commonly used to scout areas of interest, explo
ring and recording vast amounts of data about target zones before the deployment of larger vessels. These alien surveys apparently include everything from basic geographic information to population size and local technology. This data is then most likely u
sed for threat estimations and, the most terrifying prospect, for determining the ideal locations for local colonization. Wherever this small craft appears, follow-up missions with more dangerous UFOs are sure to follow.\line \line UFO sightings dating back to World
 War II can probably be attributed to these vessels. Reports show a remarkable similarity, although the reported UFO sizes differ wildly, and indicate that these variations are corollary of very inaccurate distance estimations caused by the vessel's incred
ible maneuverability. Historically dubbed "foo fighters", these Probes have obviously been used to scout our planet for decades.\line \line "Personnel are to refrain from taking captured probes out "for a spin".\line - X-Corps Training Manual, revision 892 }
\par }