{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5927021\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ALIEN COMPOSITES}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min22}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min22}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords755}{\nofchars4154}
{\nofcharsws4900}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5927021\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid5927021\charrsid5927021 ALIEN COMPOSITES\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Craft/Components/Composites\line \line The mystery of the unusual composite our operatives have brought back from the field has at last been solved. It
 seems it is not a true composite at all, but rather a number of discrete layers of metal, ceramic, and unusual hydrocarbons, each layer being just under 0
.15 picometers thick. All but the outermost layer have a fine network of Alien organic tissue spread throughout, almost like a circulatory system. These 'capillaries' seem to center on uneven indentations on the interior of the material.\line \line 
While many of the Alien devices are made of this substance, our analysis has focused on the scavenged hulls of captured Alien craft.\line Early studies indicated that the outer shell of an Alien Composite-hull
 is manufactured to extremely fine tolerances, but minute variances in the internal layers show a more organic look. The external 
layer is a complex compound made up of Niobium, Osmium, Tungsten and Molybdenum mixed with traces of Platinum. The proportions must be precise, or the composite will not form. Within this composite is a complex molecular mesh of what appear to be reinforc
ed silicon picotubes, supporting and surrounding molecules of buckminsterfullerene.\line \line 
This combination gives the shell an incredible strength, unmatched by any earthly armor, as well as a distinctive oily sheen. Amazingly, the external surface of this husk i
s virtually frictionless, a side effect of the closely spaced buckminsterfullerene molecules. The internal metallic layers are made of the same compound, but with simpler reinforcement; a hexagonal network of carbon picotubes provides it both with
 strength and flexibility. While complex in both makeup and design, this layer is well within our engineers' capabilities.\line \line 
The second layer is an unusual ceramic compound that exhibits superconductive properties even at room temperature. The effect of this layer on the Alien Composites is to enable them to
 disperse the blast of any energy attack throughout the entire skin of the device, allowing the heat of a laser or plasma burst to radiate away. It also serves to thoroughly insulate a craft from electromagnetic radiation. At extremely high temperatures,
 the ceramic begins to break down to a molecular level, losing its superconductive properties. Oddly enough, samples that have been tested to destruction seem to regain their superconductivity after a few days, with the damaged ceramic being completely re
generated. With access to our new low pressure calcination chamber, replicating this layer is child's play.\line \line The third layer closely resembles terrestrial plastic, being hydrocarbon based. However, it contains severa
l unusual molecular structures and a number of previously unknown enzymes, which can be easily reproduced in our laboratorie
s. This plastic layer gives the entire structure a high level of resiliency, allowing it to flex and absorb kinetic energy quite effectively.\line \line This sequence
 of layers is repeated hundreds to thousands of times, depending on the item in question. Whether it is the thin wall of a plasma-reaction chamber, or the impenetrable hull of an UFO, it is simply a matter of how many layers are added.\line \line 
The most intriguing part of the Alien Composites is its organic portion. The tissue itself seems to be silicon-based, but altered immensely at the genetic level. The capillaries infiltrate each layer completely, with the outermost shell alone immune t
o its spread. \line \line 
Incredibly, the organic segment seems to direct the placement and bonding of the other layers, with each layer somehow absorbed from a reservoir into the organic layer, transported molecule by molecule to the proper place, to be bonded with
 the existing region. Amazingly, this allows anything made of
 these composites to be essentially self-repairing as long as the external husk is intact and a sufficient source of the appropriate material is available. A controllable culture of this organic 
component is obviously the key to replicating this substance.\line \line While early experiments to reproduce the Alien Composites had disastrous results, w
e have managed to control the Alien tissue to the point of effective usage. With Composites manufactured by X-Corps\rquote  engineers, there is no limit to what we can create.\line \line 
"Gregor was working on that stuff all night. He just kept saying that the Aliens would be unstoppable if we couldn't find a weakness in their equipment. "They put all their eggs in one basket", he
 kept saying, "we only have to find a way to destroy these Composites, and we can halt the invasion in its tracks!" We were already worried about him, but we came in the next morning, and...I dunno, he must have fallen asleep. It was like the stuff knew, 
or something, like it knew he was trying to destroy it. I still can't get that image out of my mind. It's in my dreams now. His face..."\line - James Sanchez, PhD}{\insrsid14175839\charrsid5927021 
\par }}