{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \fs18\expnd0\expndtw0 \sbasedon10 postcolor1;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1596715\rsid15665165}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ALIEN FOOD}{\author USACE}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min46}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min46}
{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords418}{\nofchars2304}{\*\company USACE}{\nofcharsws2717}{\vern24579}}\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow2\dgvshow2
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot15665165 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\cs15\f36\fs18\cf1\insrsid15665165 ALIEN FOOD}{\f36\fs18\cf1\insrsid15665165 \line \line }{\cs15\f36\fs18\cf1\insrsid15665165 
"Whoa! The aliens have steak too? Cool!" ~Rookie X-Corps scientist on the human meat, promptly setting off projectile vomiting in the room.
\par 
\par 1. After detailed analysis of the food pods found within captured UFOs, we have found out much more about the alien diet. We had all expected that the aliens, although savage, would have a fairly normal diet by earth standards. The truth was more d
isturbing then we had ever thought.}{\f36\fs18\cf1\insrsid15665165 \line \line 2. }{\cs15\f36\fs18\cf1\insrsid15665165 
From studying the food pods on alien ships, we found out something very surprising. In some of the pods were broken down human flesh mixed with an enzyme that makes it more easily digestible, in an almost liquid form
. In another were slabs of precooked human meat, in a form not unlike steak, [a finding backed up by the trace amounts of human flesh found in the bloodstream of certain aliens]. We also found cow organs in some pods. Our scientists theorize that the alie
n
s mutilate the cows for specific tasty morsels, and leave the rest to rot, not unlike elephant poachers taking the ivy tusks and leaving the rest of the elephant to decompose. Another theory suggests that the aliens are doing this research on the cow's 3 
s
tomach digestive tract in an attempt to find a way to digest tough plant foods, which in the long run it would make the aliens less dependent on humans for food on earth, and would enable them to eat the plentiful grasses and various grains found all over
 
the earth. These findings of the cow organs in the containers bring us one step closer to finally solving the mystery of the cow mutilations. All of this shows that the aliens are trying to turn Earth into a slaughter house for meat... this new data will 
only harden X-corp's resolve, and us scientists have already thought up a few ways we can use this to our advantage...
\par 
\par 2. Some of the pods contained human flesh broken down into an almost liquid form. It appears some type of enzyme is used to make solid fo
ods more easily digestible. Solid slabs of uncooked human flesh, not unlike steaks, were also found, and DNA tests on alien blood samples did find traces of human DNA, confirming that the aliens do indeed consider us a food source. The digestive organs of
 
cows were also found, causing us to theorize two different reasons. Either these organs are delicacies to the aliens, and they only take the specific parts they need, or they are studying these organs to learn a way to digest the tough plant matter that t
h
e three stomachs of a bovine digestive tract can handle. These are the leading theories as to why there are so many cow mutilations. If the aliens plan to use Earth as a slaughterhouse or feeding grounds, it will certainly harden our resolve to wipe out t
his alien threat.}{\insrsid15665165 
\par }}