{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7017833\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ALIEN RECREATION}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min29}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min29}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords779}{\nofchars4290}
{\nofcharsws5059}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot7017833\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid7017833 ALIEN RECREATION\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Craft/Components/Recreation\line \line An Alien psionic wave generator which can induce hallucinations and visions for recreation purposes. It is, unfortunately, of very limited utility against the rising Alien threat. \line 
\line The Passive Psionic Projection Vision is a strange yet fascinating amalgamation of biology and technology, one step higher than the Alien Composites. The main component of the device is 
a sphere of Composites of 157.4mm in diameter. Microscopic seams of the organic components of Alien Composites are arranged, criss-crossing the sphere, resulting in a three dimensional, biological circuit. In essence, an extremely basic brain. When connec
ted to a power supply, this \'93brain\'94 will passively emit a low amplitude Psionic wave, causing an effect we have christened \'93Passive Psionic Projector Vision\'94 or 3PV. \line \line 
3PV projects thoughts and images into the brain of any being with high enough psionic per
ception. Our studies have found that 3PV effects can range from simple hallucinations of objects, voices and music, to a complex, deep and complete simulation of reality. Participants across the higher ranges of psionic sensitivity have demonstrated coma-
like states with extremely high levels brain activity. These particular individuals later report states of complete detachment from reality and high levels of emotional stimulation. \line \line 
Our operatives noticed that devices aboard UFOs where often linked togeth
er along the walls of specifically constructed room. Investigation has shown us that, while the wave generated by a sole device is often be enough to cause 3PV, the level of any 3PV experience can be increased by implementing multiple devices. Amazingly, 
when connected in this fashion, the devices will automatically regulate and communicate with each other, dramatically enhancing the effect of the whole system.\line \line \'93
Put together a prototype suit of armour or an experimental weapon, and the men avoid looking at you while mumbling about \lquote danger\rquote  or \lquote injury\rquote . Build an Alien Recreation chamber and ask for volunteers and suddenly they\rquote 
re queuing all the way back to Section 2\'94\line - Dr. P McDowell, Research Operative, Sector 9\line \line When Alien subjects are placed in a Recreat
ion chamber, the response observed is similar to deep meditation or hypnosis, often coupled with high levels of endorphins. Subjects seem less aggressive and agitated after prolonged sessions and, incredibly, many Aliens will actually adopt changed patter
n
s of behaviour if it means increased exposure time as a reward. Hence, and most surprising of all, we can only conclude that the purpose of the device is a form of recreation. This is particularly interesting because we had previously thought the Aliens t
o be devoid of the need for emotional and/or cultural stimuli. Though we can only speculate at its full use, that fact that Aliens might need, or even desire this type of technology is fascinating, and shows our two cultures may be closer than we realise.
\line \line 
Military value of Alien Recreation chambers is virtually non-existent. Training purposes, communication uses and psionic enhancement can all be ruled out, since visions cannot be controlled but are instead is unique to each individual; created from the te
st subject\rquote s own thoughts and experiences. This characteristic can also lead to other, dangerous, problems, most notably the aggravation of deep-seated physiological problems and traumatic experiences.\line \line 
The sensation is simply that of euphoria and bliss, much like a drug high, and thus Alien Recreation chambers have their real value on the commercial market, providing \'93opium for the masses\'94
 and revenue for X-Corps funding. Supply will be limited by the number of units we can find, however, since we have been, so far, unable to duplicate the incredible control over Alien Composites required for manufacture.\line \line 
It is, in fact, slightly concerning that the Aliens could succumb to these methods. These findings, coupled with the presence of projection chambers on Al
ien craft, have convinced us that there is more at work than simple entertainment. Indeed, there appears to be, on a grander scale, a sinister form of psychological control occurring. We recommend caution regarding commercial use of this project, as earli
er described. \line \line \'93\'85
This must be stopped immediately. I am well aware that there are certain unsavoury practices that occur in this base, particularly in the forms of off-duty gambling and prohibited trade. Often a blind eye is turned, but here we draw the li
ne. The chambers stored in the labs are classified items. They are not to be removed for recreational use, by any off-duty personnel (or on-duty personnel for that matter). Lab technicians are instructed to reject further \'93gifts\'94
 and report offenders to their Department Heads. Make no mistake: the perpetrators will be caught. \line In other issues, catering personnel have alerted me to disappearances of bacon sandwiches and flapjack from the staff galley\'85.\'94\line \line 
- Weekly bulletin, logged by Section Deputy Administrator, Capt. P. Quinn.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}