{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f121\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f122\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f124\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f125\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f126\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f127\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f128\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f129\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f511\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f514\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f518\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f519\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3082\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11158856\rsid15992728}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title ALIEN RESEARCH}{\author Laino}{\operator Azrael}{\creatim\yr2006\mo1\dy9\hr23\min51}{\revtim\yr2006\mo1\dy9\hr23\min51}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords498}{\nofchars2745}{\nofcharsws3237}
{\vern24689}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot15992728\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11158856 \fs24\lang3082\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp3082 {
\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856 ALIEN MEDICAL ROOM\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/UFO Components/Alien Medical Room\line \line 
While thousands of people all over the world claimed to have been captured by Aliens, few were believed prior to the beginning of the Alien War. It becomes obvious now that som
e, if not all, of those reported abductions may have actually taken place, for our soldiers have made a horrible discovery: certain rooms discovered in UFOs appear to be designed to hold humans in order to conduct experiments on them.\line \line 
These areas contain specialized medical equipment, ranging from }{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856 simple but frightening}{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856 
 saw-toothed scalpels and self-cauterizing drills to }{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856 tools that have been identified to be}{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856 
 deep tissue samplers and fetus-extracting tools. The uses of other equipment can only be imagined. }{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856 
All of this equipment is highly advanced, and most of it appears to be suited for microinvasive procedures, featuring automatic wound-sealing mechanisms that hardly leave a trace on the bodies subjected to this "surgery".}{
\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856  A large trapezoidal table usually dominates one side of the room. This table has built-in temperature regulators and integrated multi-parametric monitoring of vital functions. 
In addition, it has the incredible capability to mold itself to the examined subject. Our own surgical operating rooms could be improved greatly by using them. Unfortunately, the Aliens' use of surgery does not appear to be beneficial to the subject.
\line \line Numerous transparent containment chambers are }{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856 located in}{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid11158856\charrsid11158856 
 the room, used for storage of tissue and organ samples. Several vessels have been found to contain illuminated tanks as well, some containing human organs, some containing fetuses, possibly results of Alien experimentation on humans. 
It is a mystery how these chambers preserve the enclosed tissue, as no support or cooling mechanism can be identified.\line \line This Alien facility\rquote s use is frighteningly similar to the stories many victims had claimed. 
Apparently, surgical and genetic experimentation has been performed on our citizens - perhaps for decades. We suspect that implantation of bio-mechanical devices, tissue extraction and total organ removal are common occurrences within these walls. 
Even more frightening is that from what we can tell, hybrid fetuses, created from combining Alien tissue with reproductive material tak
en from other victims, are implanted in human women and, after growing for several months within the involuntary host-mother's womb, extracted for unknown purposes. 
We have even recovered one hybrid fetus from a poor soul found dead within a captured vessel. No living hybrid fetuses have been successfully retrieved.\line \line 
Devices have been found that function as synaptic interrupters, causing loss of all voluntary motor function. Apparently they are placed on the subject's head for more delicate surgeries. It gi
ves a lot of insight about the Aliens' attitude towards us, however, that these interrupters do not inhibit pain. 
It should also be noted that no evidence for any kind of narcotics or amnesia-inducing substances has been found, which suggests that the Aliens have some other way of wiping or altering the victims' memories.\line \line 
"Damn, I wish these bastards kidnap my mother-in-law by the end of this war!"\line - Private Johnny Single}{\f39\fs20\lang2057\langfe3082\langnp2057\insrsid15992728\charrsid11158856 
\par }}