{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3356161\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ALIEN NAVIGATION SYSTEMS}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min28}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min28}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords732}{\nofchars4030}
{\nofcharsws4753}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3356161\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3356161 ALIEN NAVIGATION SYSTEMS\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Craft/Components/Navigation \line \line More of the Aliens' secrets have been exposed by our scientists; the uncanny methods the invaders use to pilot their vessels have been unmasked.\line \line 
Certain components were discovered to be similar to those of other captured equipment, specifically the control interface. It appears that li
ke nearly all of the Alien technology we have recovered, the craft are psionically controlled. Fortunately, the Alien technology is ultimately not too different from existing X-Corps technology. This coincidence makes it possible to easily adapt the extra
terrestrial navigation array to Human thought patterns, and our pilots' combat experience with the XC-1 Gryphon enables them to adapt rapidly to the new technology. \line \line 
While conceptually the same, this equipment is only superficially similar to our own bio-f
eedback based AlphaWave technology. This psychotronic device appears to be some sort of gestalt network, linking up to five individuals of the same species to a massive psionic amplifier. Even psionically null individuals can be used in conjunction with t
his device.\line \line 
The device seems to be able to operate with only one psionist of sufficient power, and with multiple weaker individuals being able to function in conjunction with the stronger operator. Unfortunately, including several stronger psionics in the 
link does not provide any greater advantage. \line \line 
Apparently once the necessary threshold is reached, no further power is needed. One of the participants must be the focus of the psychotronic web; the controller. All other participants are virtually comatose 
for the duration of the link. When interfacing with the Alien control systems, the controller almost literally becomes the craft. Sensor readings are translated into sight, taste and sound, movement as muscle use, and damage as pain. Fortunately, the pain
f
ul sensory input from damaged systems does not cause long term physical damage to the gestalt members. However, testing the results of craft destruction sensation is impossible, since the participants cannot survive the break-up of the vessel. All common 
s
timuli from the body are overridden by the sensations of the vehicle itself. The non-operating participants share this flood of sensations, but are entirely passive; they have no control over the vehicle, and cannot even sever the connection to the contro
ller. \line \line 
Unfortunately, our experiments also contraindicate the use of ejection seats, as the abrupt severance of the navigator-craft link causes psionic feedback through the controller's prefrontal cortex, resulting in the equivalent of a high voltage lobot
omy. It is theorized that the device actually creates a psionic connection between the operator and the living portion of the Alien Composites that the Alien vessels are made of.\line \line 
The result of this unnatural bond is total control over the vehicle. Even an
 untrained operator can perform basic manoeuvres that would take months of practice for a conventionally piloted craft. A well trained navigator can perform feats once thought impossible. However, volunteer controllers linked with these devices for too lo
ng showed severe psychological problems, ranging from delusions of actually being the craft, symptoms similar to sensory deprivation, to psychological addiction to the sensations. \line \line 
Several of our finest pilots are permanently hospitalized as a result. It is recommended that X-Corps personnel are not linked to the craft for more than 3 hours. Longer exposure to the device will cause permanent damage.\line \line 
While is has proven impossible for our operators to mesh with captured Alien craft due to the differences in
 brain structure, we have developed a scalable hybrid control array, limited to a single operator. With this prototype, the strength of the sensory input can be controlled, limiting it to basic data during routine flight, but capable of unleashing the ful
l sensory immersion required to combat the invader's vessels. Flying with this hybrid mode reduces long-term psychological damage by eighty-six percent. Unfortunately, involuntary dissolution of even this minor link still causes severe brain damage.\line 
\line \'93Subject 12q97f - Agent Kong Tianming: Severe damage to the prefrontal lobes in the form of dendritic deterioration, resulting in cessation of all local activity. Subject is stable but entirely unresponsive.\line 
Subject 12q97g - Agent Jonathan Dark Mountain: Moderate damage to the prefrontal lobes in the form of dendritic deterioration, resulting in reduction of local activity. Subject is comatose.\line 
Subject 12g97h - Agent Joan Greene: Acute schizophrenia, in the form of split personality, disorder, delusions, and self objectification. Subject is incoherent.\'94}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}