{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid11090347
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH ROOM}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min43}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min44}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords460}
{\nofchars2535}{\nofcharsws2990}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot11090347\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid11090347 BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH ROOM\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.Net/Alien/UFO Components/Biological Research Room\line \line An analysis of a recently recovered UFO has revealed a new application of Alien technology. A new kind of room was found, and it\rquote 
s purpose is clearly that of an operating theatre. The exact nature of the "operations" performed here is not entirely clear, b
ut we have been able to make educated guesses based on the tools and materials found. To our best knowledge, large animals and even humans are brought into this room and surgically opened, followed by removal of tissue and sometimes even of whole organs.
\line \line 
The room contains a precision laser cutter suspended over a large table. The operating table is formed of a biomimetic nanopolymer. When the Alien's quarry is taken to the room, this substance extends pseudopods to restrain the subject's limbs, thus effec
t
ively rendering it immobile while the subject remains conscious during its operation. Most experiments are conducted then, with no anesthesia or further restraints. That coupled with the fact that this apparatus does not appear to have any form of pain co
ntrol has led us to believe that the Aliens do not use it on their own kind. Instead, it seems that subsequent to the Alien abductions that are becoming all too common, the Aliens remove or add certain organs.\line \line 
The laser appears to be operated via the contr
ol console. Alas, it is quite simple, almost inadequate for critical surgical excisions. We suspect that the cutting device can be remotely controlled. Nevertheless, it allows the operator to fine-tune the ray up to 4 micrometers. It can be focused to alm
ost any power or width at will, and will cause any exudated bodily fluids to evaporate. This instrument could revolutionize the future of medical treatment - if we can survive this war.\line \line 
Humans and animals alike are in danger of these strikes, as the Aliens
 appear to abduct indiscriminately. What they do with these organs is thus far unknown. They may use them for academic purposes, chemistry, or even food. The containers we found in these rooms contained so much material that we think it is safe to assume 
that they are not used for research purposes alone. More likely it is a harvesting process, probably followed by some kind of processing of the removed tissue and organs.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }{\insrsid11090347 
\par }{\insrsid11090347 "So we walked into this room and there were, like, all these glass tubes with weird things floating in them, and the light was kinda flickering, and it was really
 really spooky, and then suddenly there was this sound to my left, and when I turned, I saw this pale, long-legged creature jumping towards my face... well, and I shot it before it could latch onto me and inject me with alien eggs so that a few days later
 some alien baby wouldn't burst from my chest and leave me dead on the floor... It all went kinda fast, sir..."\line 
- P. Hendricks, former X-Corps operative, in the official hearing about the severe hand injuries sustained by H. O'Loughley, also former X-Corps operative}{\insrsid11090347 
\par }}