{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid11223048
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title Xenium Reactor}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min19}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min19}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords754}{\nofchars4153}
{\nofcharsws4898}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot11223048\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid11223048\charrsid11223048 Xenium Reactor}{\insrsid11223048\charrsid11223048 
\line \line It became apparent in the early stages of this war that the alien menace had access to a better source of power than that utilized by earth-based technologies. This gap
 in the basic structure of our understanding of alien technology has hindered our efforts to determine an appropriate counter or duplication for artifacts in the alien arsenal. With the basic research into the structure of Xenium-122 completed, it became 
apparent what the aliens were using as a source of power. But how was this power source implemented? We in the science department believe we have uncovered the basis behind the UFO power source.\line \line 
As was previously stated in the Xenium-122 report (see X-Net 
Entry: Xenium-122), Xenium-122 is best described as the physical representation of a fold in space-time. By placing the Xenium in a rotating set of magnetic fields electrons gather and can be extracted for use in powering systems. Although this method is 
extremely stable and produces large amounts of power, research into the Xenium Reactor shows that the immense UFOs reported by field agents use a slightly different system.\line \line 
In a large reaction chamber at the peak to the Xenium Reactor, a moderate amount of Xenium-122 is placed into a series of rotating magnetic fields. This allows the manipulation of gravity seen in all reported UFO sightings. Amazingly, the reaction chamber
\rquote s function does not stop there. By using a series of opposing-force magnetic fields the Xenium is brought from its normally stable state into a state of flux. In essence, this reaction \lquote unfolds\rquote 
 the Xenium part way, and allows it to snap back into its normal state. This reaction gives off a tremendous amount of power, far superior to normal Xenium power systems, and produces a strobe effect }{\i\insrsid11223048\charrsid11223048 
able to be seen through the reinforced composite reaction chamber}{\insrsid11223048\charrsid11223048 ! Though the reaction chamber seems to remain stable throughout the process, it should be emphasized that the reaction is extremely dang
erous and a breach in the chamber wall would result in a catastrophic explosion. \line \line 
Below the reaction chamber lays the alien 'battery'. The energy storage is accomplished through the use of a bio-organic mesh, not entirely dissimilar from the vaguely organ
ic tissue found on alien composites. This mesh is composed of billions upon billions of synthetic neurons, normally in a dormant, un-energized state. Once energy is directed into the mesh, the system becomes active, sending along electrical pulses much li
k
e a living animal. The energy travels through these neuron strings past various relays in the system, each leading to UFO system components. When a relay is closed, energy continues through the mesh, perhaps for many cycles. When a relay is open, energy f
l
ows into that UFO subsystem. It should be noted that the opening and closing cycles on these relays seems to stagger energy as it enters a system, probably to prevent a power surge or overload in the system. Extended research of this mesh may prove useful
, as there are a number of theories pertaining to the use of this battery mesh as computer core as well. It is possible that this mesh is in many ways the central nervous system of any ship. \line \line \'93
Thank god we conducted the lab experiments outside today. Our entire computer system was fried just trying to control that thing. It\rquote 
s like it was thinking, outsmarting our systems. Suddenly there was a power surge and the containment chamber almost breached. Bloody near killed us all." - David Williams, X-Corps Researcher\line \line 
Despite repeated attempts to synthesize the 'battery mesh', our laboratory efforts have met with failure. This development has led to the question of how an earth-based UFO power source could operate. At this time, even our best Absorbed Glass Mat (
AGM) batteries cannot store the full power given off by Xenium Reactor\rquote 
s process. Attempts to store the energy by other, more unconventional methods have also met with failure. While it is possible to store a part of the power, while venting the rest throu
gh a capacitor and into ship systems, it is highly inefficient... and dangerous. Until a battery is developed that is able to handle the Xenium-122 reaction energy, the power must be vented, at least in part, directly into ships systems. \line \line 
Although the Xen
ium Reactor is a very effective and capable device, it is apparent that it is not capable of interstellar travel. It, like all engines earth has developed, cannot travel faster than the speed of light. This severely inhibits interstellar travel, implying 
that the aliens either originated from within our solar system, or that they have other propulsion systems. However, despite this information, it is still more effective than even the best human engines.\line \line 
It is the science department's belief that this technology should be used immediately to begin research and development of new human craft to combat the alien threat.}{\insrsid14175839\charrsid11223048 
\par }}