{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3365721\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title Xenium 122}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy13\min58}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy13\min58}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords710}{\nofchars3906}{\nofcharsws4607}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3365721\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3365721 Xenium 122\line \line What powers the alien technology we\rquote 
ve seen, and how does that power source relate to the apparent ability of alien craft to generate anti-gravity field
s? This question has often plagued the scientists here in the research department. After the study of captured UFO materials, we are finally able to answer that question even if complete understanding remains elusive.\line \line 
Research into the UFO power supply has revealed a synthetic material unlike anything ever before seen on Earth. Given the name Xenium 122, (as it was our 122nd experiment which rendered understanding of the material\rquote 
s basic functions), this compound both supplies power and allows the creation of anti-gravity waves so essential to the alien propulsion systems.\line \line 
Xenium is best described as a fold in space-time. When folded in this manner, space-time apparently becomes solid allowing it to be seen and touched. As the Xenium is utilized it shrinks. Once the Xenium is completely used up the fold in space-time \'93
falls flat\'94, reverting space-time to its normal state and leaving no trace of Xenium\rquote s existence behind. Despite constant research, we are unable to grasp even the basic concepts on how one wo
uld synthesize this substance. Unfortunately this places the control of Xenium firmly in the aliens\rquote  hands for now. This monopoly must be broken if we are to win this war.\line \line 
In its most basic, unrefined state Xenium 122 seems to clump together in a crystall
ine structure, similar to quartz crystals. These crystals emanate a strange orange glow, an iridescence that is completely unexplainable, and might be a result of the creation process used by the extraterrestrials.\line \line 
When Xenium 122 is placed in a rotating 
magnetic field, it creates a field unlike anything humanity has seen. This field exhibits many properties, but its foremost ability seems to be that it can warp, and even nullify gravity. The rotating magnetic field acts as a \'93control field\'94
 manipulating the Xenium\rquote 
s field like a steering wheel. Using a set of such fields, one can warp space and travel in the non-linear fashion required for practical space travel. While creating solely Xenium 122 based drive systems is unlikely at this time, the Xenocide sc
ience department heavily suggests research into the creation of system to manipulate this property of Xenium.\line \line 
Another powerful property of Xenium 122 is its ability to give off a charge. This charge gathers at the magnetic poles of the field and can be dr
awn off to create a constant supply of electricity. The charge given off by Xenium is sufficient to keep the control field in place as well as power other systems.\line \line 
Unfortunately waste particles, radioactive and otherwise, are given off during this process
. In addition to the beta radiation, other nuclear particles are given off during this process. Protons are present but neutrinos in particular are emitted in large quantities. These particles must be caught, or vented, creating a dilemma when considering
 
its use as a power source. With the proper system, Xenium creates a large power output, which is then used to power ship systems with the excess being stored in a battery. Waste particles are then captured in a containment system or vented into the air. I
t
 should be noted that the charge produced in this manner is tremendous, and we are unable as yet to create a battery that successfully stores the all the power output of Xenium. This proves to be more and more important, as Xenium itself is used up during
 the aforementioned processes. The use of Xenium must therefore be carefully monitored lest we completely use up this precious material on trivial matters.\line \line 
One other property of Xenium 122 was discovered while researching particle bombardment testing. Cert
ain catalysts used for bombardment destabilized the Xenium samples. This mixture of Xenium and catalyst particles would lead to the creation of energized plasma and may be the basis for the plasma weapons seen wielded by aliens in the field. Further resea
rch into this area of Xenium 122 usage is recommended.\line \line \'93Proceeding with experiment number one hundred twenty-two. Material remains stable. No discernable change in alien material. Okay Carl, you can shut down the\'85
 wait a minute! Yuri, increase the power on fields one through thirteen\'85 come on, come on! Jacobs, focus the camera at grid point sixty-seven. Damn it, Yuri! Tighten that field! Wait! NO! Don\rquote 
t let it go! Amazing. Linus, get me that data. I want to know what just happened.\'94\line \line Oh, and Jacobs, advise the commander that experiment One-twenty-two was a success.\'94\line -Research Lab internal audio recording}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}