{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3233957\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title Alien Harvest}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min42}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min43}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords607}{\nofchars3344}
{\nofcharsws3944}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3233957\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3233957 Alien Harvest\line \line 
Alien Harvest was perhaps the first observed Alien activity on Earth. Though 
many scientists believe that the Aliens use the terrestrial fauna for sustenance, some believe the harvested materials are synthesised into medication or perhaps other chemicals (Concoction?), not to dissimilar from the way that drugs companies use some f
a
una for painkillers. Others maintain the less credited theory that the plant and animal tissues are used strictly for their nefarious genetic modification experiments. This is a largely unsupported theory due to the lack of knowledge of Alien genetic expe
riments.\line \line \'93They took my cows, all of them\'85 they took them and\'85 done real nasty things to them. I found two of them this mornin\rquote  cut right up the middle, all their insides missing too.\'94\line \line Billy Bob \'93Tiny\'94
 Taylor, eye witness of the Alien Harvest\line \line The first signs of \'93Alien Harvest\'94
 were cattle mutilation in the southern states of the USA and in other areas including Africa and in some parts of the Europe. It seems the Aliens do not need, or have use for all the cattle\rquote s organs. This would explain why the cattle
 were found with internal organs missing. It seems that what is taken from each cattle can differ, but largely if is found that larger muscles (such as the heart) in the body are favoured. The most realistic theory for this is that the Aliens require the 
l
arge amounts mitochondria found in muscle the cows tissue, this could also show why cattle are taken over other forms of livestock. Recent research has shown that the Aliens use the mitochondria and graft it into the cells of the Alien young. By doing thi
s
, the next generation of Alien possess far greater endurance than the previous. After this the digestive system seems to be favoured, it is thought that the gastric acids may be useful to the Aliens in their research. There is no notable pattern to the or
g
ans removed or left. But the main consistencies are; the heart, legs and lower back muscles are removed as well as the stomach and intestines. But the main thing which baffles scientists is that the pancreas is always left; there is no evidence as to why 
this is the case. \line \line Questions are still asked as to why the Aliens return the remains of the cattle to where they were found. At first scientists believed that the Alien\rquote s conducted their \'93operations\'94
 on the ground. However, there have never been any eye wi
tness accounts of this happening, and it is thought that the Aliens would rather minimise the chance of being disturbed by travelling back into orbit until they had finished then returning the remains. A possible suggestion to this is that the Aliens retu
rn the mutilated cattle to Earth merely to create a sense of panic among the population, although some are so bold as to say that it is a grisly prank.\line \line 
Crop circles also appeared as another large sign of the Alien Harvest, whilst only a small amount of cro
ps were trampled, evidence has found that the symbols made in the crop (Mainly cereals) were used as markers to show harvest ships which crop to reap. But the public discovery of crop circles lead to wide spread denial of all Alien connection with crop ci
rcles and members of the public were paid by the government to \'93confess\'94 making the crop circles as a hoax.\line \line 
The [Harvester] is the Aliens primary craft for reaping their harvest. From eye witness accounts it is seen that it is a medium craft, which is heav
ily armed. It can only be estimated that the Alien presence on board the craft is low considering its purpose.* \line \line 
As the harvests became more frequent, world governments started to acknowledge the problem with less scepticism and became very concerned as t
o how to deal with the problem. Various leaks of Alien Harvest news to the word media also started to create a cloud of anxiety amongst the population and growing the call for something to be done about it. Although this still remains a low priority on X-
Corps \'93to-do-list\'94.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}