{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs20 PARADIGM SHIFT: OFFENSIVE OPERATIONS\par
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Research/Offensive Operations\par
\par
Extensive research into the issue of the Aliens' main base of operations' location has finally paid off. Our agents on the field have been able to capture several live Alien creatures, among them, a Leader of the invasion forces. Interrogation of the captured Alien officer has allowed us to decipher one of the last mysteries we are to resolve in order to stop this war and eliminate the Alien threat once and for all. The enemy's main stronghold lies on Mars, the fourth planet of our very own Solar System.\par
\par
Excerpt from Alien Leader Debriefing\par
[X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Debriefings/Deb#281-b]\par
\par
Interrogator: [Spc. Mark Dufraine] and [Spc. Eileen Iwosaka]\par
\par
Spc. Iwosaka (EI): This is the interrogation of a captured and pacified Alien leader. Due to the importance of this interrogation, and my high aptitude for psionics, I have volunteered to try to establish communication with the Alien being through telepathic means. I have surrendered my weapons to one of the MPs on guard in the room. They have been ordered to sedate both me and the Alien should anything appear to be going wrong. Questions will be prompted and recorded by Specialist Dufraine, in the control room. I am ready to begin.\par
\{Spc. Iwosaka assumes the lotus position, and visibly relaxes. The Alien, who had been looking around the room, turns and focuses on Spc. Iwosaka.\}\par
Spc. Dufraine (MD): Specialist Iwosaka, can you hear me?\par
EI: Yes. I can hear you.\par
MD: Have you contacted the Alien?\par
EI: I think so. I'm getting some very confusing signals. It wants to get in my head. It's cold.\par
MD: Are you ready to give it a question?\par
EI: Yes. I'm letting down my guard a little, let it get inside and see if that makes things easier.\par
MD: What was the purpose of your ship?\par
EI: It says that we cannot hope to defeat them. Things will be much easier if we just lay down our weapons and surrender.\par
MD: What is your name and rank?\par
EI: Names are meaningless abstractions for sentient beings. It says only a minor race such as humans require names for themselves. Its ship designation was 110011010101.\par
MD: Where did your ship originate from?\par
EI: ...It won't tell me that.\par
MD: Where was your ship headed?\par
EI: It won't tell me that either. I'm going to try to push deeper.\par
\{Spc. Iwosaka's face contorts into an expression of painful concentration. A thin trickle of blood begins to ooze out of her nose\}\par
MD: Don't push it too hard.\par
EI: It.. It's resisting. Fighting back... Let me in you slimy... Ah! I think I see now... wait, there is something more... it's like... locked! As if a part of the creature's mind was completely locked, I'll try to get in see what's it hiding...\par
MD: You've been long enough there, get out!\par
EI: I'll try to break the mental lock... What the..!??, NOOooooooooo!!!\par
\{Spc. Iwosaka and the Alien start to shake as in terrible pain, the MPs immediately step forward and stun both Spc. Iwosaka and the Alien into unconsciousness\}\par
\par
Notes: Spc. Iwosaka recovered, but appears to have lost any psionic ability that she had due to her extremely close encounter with the Alien intelligence. She reports that the last image she was able to recover from the Alien was an view of a reddish planet from orbit. Further debriefing and research indicates that this planet is most likely Mars. Unfortunately Spc. Iwosaka was unable to gather precise location of the Alien base or bases on the fourth planet. The mental lock Spc. Iwosaka described in the Alien's mind remains a mystery, apparently the single attempt to break the lock triggered some sort of mental defense mechanism, which has resulted in the Alien suffering a cardiac arrest. [...]\par
\par
Thanks to the deciphering of the Alien language, we have been able to successfully translate data logs from captured Alien craft; the gathered information corroborates our interrogation, the source of the Alien attack is Mars.\par
\par
The last scan of the Martian surface (Mars Global Surveyor, 2004) did not reveal anything that indicated the presence of any sort of structure on the planet. Our Research Divisions theory is that the base is completely hidden, that is why our probes and satellites have revealed nothing on Mars, despite the fact that the Alien stronghold seems to have been there for several centuries. As there is no indication of Alien technology capable of cloaking a base from satellite scans, our scientists agree that the most likely option is the base being underground, so the possibility of missile bombardment is off the table; our operatives will have to conduct a direct assault through the very gates of the Alien stronghold in order to destroy it once its exact location is discovered.\par
\par
The base contains the massive equipment used to build the enormous Alien fleet we have so far encountered and the large quantities of the precious Xenium-122 that is used to power the Alien vessels and armament. Also, our Biochemistry Department strongly believes in the possibility of cloning facilities, used to create the invasion army, if this is true it would mean that any eventual assault will most likely encounter fierce resistance, as the Alien forces have not been much weakened, they have only been slowed down.\par
\par
The sheer size and coordination of the extraterrestrial attack suggests there is some greater element at play here, straying from the theories that proposed a united, cohesive effort brought on by a collective of Alien races, it appears that the only feasible way the Aliens could orchestrate such a massive undertaking would be of a military-like societal structure. Ideally, the head of the serpent lies in the form of a higher hierarchy, something beyond everything we have seen so far. We might be dealing with a completely different Alien species, something we have not yet encountered.\par
\par
We already know that Alien attacks on our populations are directed from the Alien bases on Earth, what we still do not know is who is that it gives the orders to these bases, it might be a sole individual, like a king or emperor, or even a council of some sorts, it's quite hard to say what the driving force really is. Is our enemy led by a group, or by an overlord?\par
\par
Further research into this matter is of critical importance to Earths very survival; we have been attempting to put up an effective defense against the Alien incursions ever since the beginning of this war, unfortunately it is now clear that we are fighting a losing battle, our only choice is to switch from defense to offense, and to do it immediately, otherwise it will be too late for the Humanity to prevent an Alien victory.\par
Once we obtain accurate information regarding the Aliens' chain of command, we will be able to prepare an effective offensive against it, for now we have no real chance of stopping the Invasion.\par
Our Research Division believes that we cannot obtain more information from low-ranking Aliens, we must interrogate the highest-ranking Alien officers: the Alien Commanders, well protected inside Alien Earthly bases.\par
\par
"I believe there is enough evidence of a superior creature pulling the strings here, I've observed the captured Aliens' brain wave patterns, they are similar to those of soldiers who have been mind controlled while on the field, you know?, the brain wave patterns get scrambled and reorganised in a way they're sensitive to external manipulation, I'm convinced there is something more behind all this, and I'm not talking about Cloaks, oh no, the patterns are in there too, that means that it's something we've never seen before"\par
\par
Mat\'edas La\'edno \endash  Research Division, Biochemistry Department.\par
}
 