{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs20 PSIONIC THEORY\par
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Research/Psionic Theory\par
\par
After initial encounters with several psionically-capable Alien entities, we began to realize that fanciful tales of telepathy and amazing mental feats were perhaps not as far-fetched as originally thought. Soldiers in the field have made distressing reports of Aliens being "in their head"? and field commanders have begun making contingency plans should their soldiers fall inexplicably under Alien control. Fortunately, our scientists have finally pieced together a working Psionic Theory to bolster our understanding of this paranormal ability, and hopefully, our capacity to counter it. Under this theory, the two primary measures of psionic competence are psi potential and psi skill, the former determining the brute strength of the individual's will, the latter determining how effectively the individual can command it. Though psi potential is immutable, psi skill can be trained in dedicated facilities.\par
\par
Psionic Theory has been quite different from other research topics in at least two respects. Though most research is conducted on Alien specimens and artifacts to further our understanding of them, Psionic Theory instead gave us the opportunity to better appreciate and comprehend our own nature.\par
\par
Also, unlike other research we have conducted thus far, our understanding of psionic fields comes from an unusual amount of trial-and-error and good fortune. Our first attempts to understand psionics were utter and complete failures; our scientists just didn't know where to begin- or even how to approach such an ambiguous subject. Without additional clues, our research teams found it difficult to tease out solid details within the psionic disciplines.\par
\par
Fortuitously, vital hints were uncovered from observations of live, psi-proficient Alien prisoners. In two separate incidents, incarcerated Aliens briefly escaped from confinement, the first due to inadequate security measures, the other due to artifice, with both leading to significant upgrades in containment security. These breakout attempts allowed us to see and monitor the use psionics for the first time.\par
\par
By scrutinizing environmental and biological data gathered from Xenomorph Holding Facility logs during each incident, we pinpointed deviations in key markers and subsequently devised and launched a series of trial-and-error experiments attempting to replicate these biological and physiological alterations in volunteer test subjects. Although the majority of these tests were inconclusive, several individuals were found to exhibit an unusual affinity for psi-related tasks. By concentrating our remaining efforts on these candidates, our researchers slowly began to understand basic psionic mechanics.\par
\par
According to our studies, psionic fields (more popularly called "brain-waves" by base personnel) are normally a byproduct of neural networks found in sentient creatures. However, we have discovered that it is actually possible to force feedback into a neural network with a strong enough psionic field. The actual process by which one sentient creature psionically influences another is similar in principle to magnetic induction: an electrical current can be induced by the presence of a magnetic field; correspondingly, a neural impulse can be induced by the presence of a psionic field. By focusing and wielding his/her psionic field, a psionicist can subtly influence the neural chemistry of the target, causing a result ranging from no effect to total mind control. The severity of such a mental assault depends on the psionic field strength generated by the assailant and how effectively it is wielded, as well as the psionic field strength of the resisting target.\par
\par
As mentioned earlier, we concluded that there are two main indexes for psionic ability: psi potential and psi skill. These indexes are scored on an arbitrary scale from 0-100, with zero denoting virtually no ability and 100 denoting the most extreme cases observed. Due to the somewhat capricious nature of the scale, it may be possible to obtain scores above 100.\par
\par
Psi potential is an assessment of the psionic field strength of an individual. We suspect that psi potential is hereditary, but we currently lack the time and resources to confirm this hypothesis. High psi potential scores indicate a natural talent for psionics, and individuals possessing them are capable of both generating potent psionic impulses as well as shielding themselves from them. Despite the fact that psionic abilities are generally latent in human populations, psi potential appears to subtly manifest itself unconsciously when people "project" their moods. Those exhibiting such keen mental acuities can become, with training, among our most talented psionic personnel, while those with low psi potential scores will be extremely susceptible to malicious psionic intents.\par
\par
Psi skill, on the other hand, measures the proficiency of an individual wielding psionic powers. Unlike psi potential, psi skill can be increased through rigorous discipline and training; however, because humans have no prior experience with psionics, our base personnel are all initially rated with a psi skill of zero. Theoretically, the difference between low and high psi skill scores is akin to wielding a fuzzy blanket versus a surgical scalpel- the difference between projecting a diffuse mood to those in the vicinity and a sharp precise strike against a sole target. Thus, the ability to control psionic intent is much like focusing one's attention, but with the relatively short attention spans humans possess, strict discipline is necessary during psionic training. Because our scientists' makeshift research devices are not adequate for scientifically assessing and quantitating the psionic indexes of our base personnel- and even less so for screening and training them- plans for a new state-of-the-art Psionic Training Facility have been drawn up and finalized to accommodate these express purposes.\par
\par
Currently, our ability to use psionics as a weapon has been hindered by the abysmal ranges of human-generated psionic fields, regardless of their strength. Perhaps if psionic awareness and training regimens were enforced during the formative years immediately following birth, humans might fully harness their psionic capabilities; unfortunately for the X-Corps, we just do not have the time to raise specially selected psionically-apt children for our immediate and pressing conflict against the Aliens. We must discern a method to expand the \'e2\'80\'9carea of influence\'e2\'80\'9d covered by human psionic fields before we can wield such mental powers effectively.\par
\par
Using our existing inroads into Psionic Theory, our scientists speculate that it might be possible to design a device which will amplify the range of human psionic fields. Our scientists have already begun consolidating relevant data for the blueprints of the anticipated Psionic Amplifier device. They are quite eager for the upper brass to give them the go-ahead for the project.\par
\par
Our scientists have also contemplated the possibility and feasibility of psionic shielding, but preliminary studies indicate a particularly steep, if not prohibitive, power requirement. Unfortunately, until we discover a manner to amplify psionic fields, such research will remain beyond our scope.\par
\par
Some personnel have expressed reservations about our research into this field, foreseeing privacy issues and possible discrimination against the less psionically adept. The X-Corps High Command is presently implementing strict regulations regarding the usage of psionics in bases.\par
\par
Man: "Zero?! ZERO?!! Ya stupid pencilneck! Whaddaya mean my friggin' Psi potential is ZERO?! Why, I oughtta..."\par
Scientist: "Hey, hey, hold on a minute! I'll show you what it means..." (concentrates a moment)\par
Scientist: "All right squaddie, go steal the commander's uniform and burn it in the mess hall. Don't interrupt my research further."\par
Man: "...Yes, master."\par
- taped excerpt from an inquiry regarding Private Russell Harris' recent discharge from the X-Corps\par
}
 