{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs20 THE ALIEN GOAL\par
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Research/Alien Goal\par
\par
Our research division has finally pieced together enough information to decipher the Aliens' grand scheme behind their presence on Earth, as well as how they intend to accomplish their fiendish goals.\par
\par
Evidence points to the fact that the arrival of the "Star-Spawn", as the Aliens refer to themselves as a collective group, in our Solar system has to be dated around 500 BC. We were able to triangulate a possible flight vector placing their origins at a location near Beta Persei approximately 115 light-years from Earth. Reasons unknown to us forced the ship occupied by the "Overmind" - as we refer to the Alien leader of the Star-Spawn - to crash land on Mars. To ensure its survival, the crippled ship placed the Overmind in stasis and kept only essential life support systems online, hoping to receive an answer to the automated distress signal broadcasted into space. At this point it is not clear if Earths first radio transmissions at the end of the 19th century had any impact upon the awakening of the Overmind. The transmissions might have been interpreted as the long anticipated answer to the distress signal or may simply have been analyzed as non-hostile and possibly exploitable. What we do know is that around this time something caused the ships computer to awaken the Overmind from stasis. Seeing a way out of its misery, it took interest in the Terrans, a species that had not been detected on his approach due to their previous lack of advanced technology.\par
\par
From recovered UFO logs and Alien interrogations we learned that the Overmind's minions had already established a presence on Earth in the late 1930s. We do not know exactly why it took the Overmind more than three decades to undertake activities on earth, however we suspect a massive cloning program as well as establishment of an operational base and construction of a medium sized fleet. Nevertheless, the purpose of these activities remains ambiguous, as no significant data is available. It is likely that the Aliens' operations consisted mainly of observation and harvesting of biological resources, however with the outbreak of World War II, they were able to gain a deep insight into the nature of Human psyches and military tactics used around the world, as nations collided in war against one another. The Overmind must have been very impressed with our ability to kill and destroy with no apparent remorse, no doubt, especially with the utter destruction of Nagasaki and Hiroshima in 1945.\par
\par
After a thorough sighting of worldwide intelligence agency archives, we are able to say that human abductions presumably began in the 1960s; with the first report being made in 1961, the possibility of Alien presence on our world became real for a small portion of our planet's population; however evidence was scarce and the Aliens' activities were almost completely unnoticed. Undoubtedly these abductions told the Aliens a great deal about our physiology and psychological profile, but they were particularly designed to decode the Human Genome; countless genetic experiments were performed upon Human subjects aimed at achieving a more thorough understanding, and other, more sinister goals.\par
\par
Historical research has shown a strong correlation between a birth increase of psionically-skilled individuals and Alien Research/Abductions in the corresponding areas. There have always been legends and tales of men and women capable of performing the most amazing feats beyond human capacity; many of these merits were regarded as magical in nature, as their practitioners could read thoughts or even lift objects without physical contact but by mere concentration of thought. Though these people tended to maintain their psionic nature a secret, the historical analysis by X-Corps scientists led to the discovery of an increased number of individuals capable of such actions in the last forty years. It is speculated that this "psionic boom" is very much related with an Alien manipulation of Human DNA. Psionic abilities however, have proven to be inherent to the Human species; our inability to make use of them is due to the general population's lack of knowledge and training on these, as only very psionically strong subjects are able to wield, or even notice, these aptitudes without training of any sort; it is likely that at least some DNA manipulations were precisely aimed at enhancing our natural psionic vocation.\par
\par
When the Aliens' presence became unquestionably evident for all governments around the world in 2011 after the first UFO was shot down and international intelligence agents had the opportunity to analyze the wreckage, the Aliens changed their tactics from mere observation to aggressive interaction; they had amassed enough information to proceed with decisive action. Unnecessary observation outposts were dismantled - human technology had advanced to the point where these poorly defensible research outposts could possibly be detected and easily captured. Military bases were erected to support the imminent Alien ground operations, Alien Freighters were dispatched from Thanatos to deliver necessary equipment and resources such as the precious Xenium-122 and Alien Composites. Construction of larger attack vessels began almost immediately after the downing of the first Alien Probe in 2011. We suspect that assembly of all UFOs takes place on Mars as only basic maintenance equipment was found on earth bases.\par
\par
With our currently available intelligence on Alien operations we have finally uncovered the real objectives behind the Aliens' efforts to conquer our planet: Integration of biological and material resources into the Star-Spawn, especially of mankind's great ability of creative thought. Of all the Alien species encountered, none was found to be acting on its own free will; all Alien creatures are manipulated by the Overmind in order to gain a foothold on Earth. Our scientists agree that although all Alien species have been tampered with cybernetically or genetically to be more effective on the battlefield, they all once possessed untainted biologies, originated from planets of their own and were at some point in their history captured by the Overmind, freezing their social and technological development at the point of their assimilation into the Star-Spawn.\par
\par
We have come to the conclusion that completely assimilating Earth's population into the Star-Spawn by mind controlling us would ultimately prove counterproductive for the Overmind. Instead, it seeks to brainwash us into willingly following its lead. That way it can make full use of our inborn abilities - being a natural combination of those that the Aliens' have obtained only through cybernetic and genetic modification. We are capable of developing strong psionic powers - comparable to those of the Cloaks. Our soldiers have proven to be a match on the battlefield even for the best Alien troops, and the Human brain structure is more developed than that of most Alien species, second only to that of the Greys, but our great advancement of free thought, allowing for development of new strategies as well as technologies, is perhaps our greatest attribute so desperately needed by the Overmind to face those who forced it to retreat to our corner of the galaxy.\par
\par
Refraining from using the massive weapons of destruction undoubtedly at his disposal, the overmind is ensuring that the traits he so desperately seeks to exploit remain embedded in humanity, as wiping out a huge proportion of Earth's population would put a dent in our resillience and ingenuity.\par
\par
After analyzing possible flaws in this strategy being employed against us, we have come to the conclusion that all steps in the Star-Spawn's tactics were the result of careful and calculated planning. Terror missions are the most viable way for the Aliens to seize power; to terrorize mankind to the point where individual nations submit to them; signing treaties that would slowly grant full power to the Star-Spawn. The Overmind had plotted an intricate master plan which, fortunately for us, had the only flaw of underestimating mankind's willingness to stand together in desperate times.\par
\par
The fact that we, as genetically unmodified humans, are succeeding in our stubborn resistance against the Overmind's array of heavily-enhanced Aliens only demonstrates our potential and makes us all the more valuable. It makes us shudder for the future of the universe should we fail and become the latest brainwashed, gene-altered and machine-grafted minions of the Overmind. Considering its plan to enslave and assimilate our species, we can view the other Aliens races, despite their induced hostility, as unfortunate slaves engineered into rapacious killers. They have been turned into biomechanical horrors against their will and are unfeelingly sent to die at our hands for a goal they can no longer comprehend. Outside the battlefield, they deserve our pity. On the battlefield, we must do our duty and preserve our planet.\par
\par
Our mission now is not only to protect Earth and our species, but in addition to stop the Star-Spawn; we must prevent the Overmind from continuing its millennia-old campaign of conquest and subjugation.\par
\par
"I pity the fool who tries to conquer my planet"\par
- Mr.T\par
}
 