{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext2 Body Text;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon2\snext3 List;}
{\s4\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang1033\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\i\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext4 caption;}
{\s5\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext5 Index;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Preformatted Text;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2006\mo4\dy2\hr23\min41}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16837\paperw11905\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 XC-2 STARFIRE}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 X-Net://Pegasus.net/Craft/NewGeneration/Starfire}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Starfire interceptor is X-Corps' first attempt at creating an aircraft based on newly researched Alien technology. Possessing superior top speed and damage tolerance to even the most sophisticated Earth-based craft, the Starfire is the first real aeria
l threat that the Alien menace must contend with.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 As the war with the Alien force continues, it has become apparent that our standard interceptors are unable to cope with the ever-increasing size and frequency of Alien vessels. This has led to the research and implementation of a new form of interceptor c
raft. Dr. Gregor of the Research Division proposed the implementation of Alien technology on modern craft, giving the X-Corps a viable interception craft, which would maximize the use of thrust, and create a craft capable of achieving speeds in excess of a
ny current Earth-based craft.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Using cutting edge technology, the XC-2 was designed with a central Xenium-122 based reactor powering its systems. The reactor core provides an abundance of power, with waste particles being vented into the XC-2\u8217\'19s fuel tank. The resulting combination gives
 the engines more thrust than ever before seen in a fighter craft. In addition, Xenium-122\u8217\'19s inherent gravitational properties allow the Starfire to achieve a \u8220\'1czero-movement\u8221\'1d hover state. This allows the craft to be built without cumbersome landing gear, a
llowing extra hull space for craft systems.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The shape of the Starfire is reminiscent of failed \u8216\'18flying wing\u8217\'19 designs, used as a basis for Air Force concepts in the late 1950s. Use of Alien Composites and Xenium-122 allows the Starfire to succeed where initial delta wing designs failed. Alien technol
ogy makes the XC-2 a much more robust craft than our current interceptors, allowing it to sustain a considerable amount of extra damage before being destroyed. Much of this can be attributed to the damage dispersion properties of the Alien Composites plate
s. Similar to the chain mail of ancient warfare, the skin of the Starfire disperses thermal and kinetic energy along the length of the craft.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Starfire is equipped with two forward weapon mounts situated to the left and right of the cockpit, and unlike the XC-1 Gryphon, the Starfire was built with the increased power needs of new weapons in mind. A pilot will find the weapon power meter situa
ted on lower right of his HUD, giving an accurate and constant representation of the flow of energy to his forward mounted weapons systems. These hard points are suitable for any craft weapon, although heat-based weaponry prove to be well suited for use wi
th the Starfire. The extreme heat put out during extended engagements is easily dissipated throughout the hull of the craft. (For more info on the heat dispersion properties of the hull, see X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Craft/Components/Alien Composites)}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Due to our relative inexperience working with Xenium-122 based propulsion systems, and our very basic understanding of its power-giving reaction; the Starfire is unable to stay aloft for long periods of time. While the Xenium-122 system allows for unheard 
of speeds in an Earth-based craft, fuel consumption is extremely high. As such, it should be used as a quick and decisive strike craft against an enemy UFO, and not as a long-range reconnaissance craft.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 In laboratory field tests, the Starfire has performed well, but a few problems were found during initial flight procedures. Besides the high fuel consumption of the engine, the maneuverability of the craft was far less than was needed for a new interceptor
 design. It seems that at the speeds reached by the Starfire, it was unable to compensate for the quick turns and \u8216\'18jerks\u8217\'19 so common when chasing a UFO. This flaw was rectified by installing an intricate thruster system across the hull of the craft. The mai
n engine applies forward thrust, while smaller \u8216\'18micro thrusters\u8217\'19 adjust the orientation of the craft in the transverse directions. The micro thrusters are operated using a variant of the Alpha Wave neural command system used in our Heavy Weapon Platforms. 
Using speed-of-thought commands, the pilot can effortlessly use the Maneuvering Thrust System (MTS) to slide the Starfire smoothly in any direction, adjusting its orientation as necessary, without losing the forward thrust given off by the main engine.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 A second problem was encountered after the installation of the MTS. The extreme Gs pulled when executing quick turns in the Starfire led to internal trauma in the pilot, resulting in the Avionics Department beginning implementation of a Motion-Dampening Fi
eld within the craft. Using the basic ideas behind UFO propulsion systems, it was determined that gravity could be manipulated within the aircraft. Small deposits of Xenium-122 surround the cockpit of the XC-2, each connected to the central power system. G
yroscopes and the navigation system match changes in craft direction by modifying the gravitational fields inside the cockpit. This effectively holds the pilot in place and reduces the effective G-forces he feels to a survivable level. In this weightless e
nvironment, the pilot of the Starfire can execute a variety of seemingly death-defying loops and turns and feel no additional load factors on his body. Injury and stress to the pilot are completely eliminated, allowing him to function at optimum capacity. 
Further research into the area of Applied Directional Gravity Fields could prove fruitful.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 With the installation of the MTS and the Motion Dampening Field, the Starfire's usefulness as an interceptor craft becomes undeniable. While the hybrid engine design of the XC-2\u8217\'19s energy/propulsion system seems to be a failure, it has given us deeper under
standing of how to implement the Xenium reactor in future designs. It is the recommendation of the Research Division that the Starfire be put into regular service as soon as possible. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch \u8220\'1c}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Man, you should have seen it. First it was just floating there, stark still. In the blink of an eye, it was gone. I\u8217\'19ve never seen anything so fast. Later, the test pilot hopped out and said he\u8217\'19d barely touched the accelerator. I can\u8217\'19t wait to see what thi
s baby can really do.\u8221\'1d}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs20\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af2\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 -Dr. Toshi Muro, Research Division. }
\par }