{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext2 Body Text;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon2\snext3 List;}
{\s4\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs20\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\i\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext4 caption;}
{\s5\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext5 Index;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Preformatted Text;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2006\mo4\dy2\hr23\min42}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16837\paperw11905\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 XC-33 VENGEANCE}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 X-Net://Pegasus.net/Craft/NewGeneration/Vengeance}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The XC-33 "Vengeance" Ultimate Assault Transport spacecraft represents the culmination of both Human engineering and Alien technology. Possessing a higher top speed, greater damage resistance, both atmospheric and space flight capabilities, and longer acti
ve range than virtually any terrestrial or Alien ship in existence, the Vengeance ensures X-Corps' dominance of the skies. The Vengeance also ensures tactical assault superiority by allowing X-Corps to transport more troops and XCAPS into battle than any o
ther craft.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The XC-33 truly is the ultimate X-Corps craft.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Vengeance represents the evolutionary pinnacle of hybrid Human-Alien technology. Finally, X-Corps research into the nature of Alien power systems and UFO components have led to the creation of an assault craft that outmatches all known craft. With vast
ly superior maneuverability, speed, and firepower to match, the Vengeance's ability to successfully dominate any conceivable aerial or spatial encounter with Alien ships has brought victory closer than it has ever been.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Visually, the Vengeance shares little resemblance with existing designs. The ship itself is unique in its type; it is neither truly Alien nor entirely Earth-based, it carries heavy armament yet still serves as a troop transport far superior to our old XC-1
1 and even the more recently developed XC-22, all while flying at unparalleled speeds; the Vengeance is in a category all of its own. Issues that plagued previous designs have either been remedied or circumvented, resulting in a craft that offers aerial su
periority while demonstrating no obvious weaknesses. Despite utilizing the same basic components found in any Alien craft, the Vengeance design succeeds in making use of Alien technology to a much higher potential compared to previous crafts based on UFO d
esigns. As our exhaustive research has yielded a complete and thorough understanding of Alien architecture and technology, the X-Corps have finally been able to achieve the fundamental paradigm shift from mere mimicry to intelligent and optimized design. T
he final result was the transcendent development of the XC-33 Vengeance. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Vengeance requires Alien Composites for its basic hull construction, and our now deep understanding of the Composites\u8217\'19 applications in air/spacecraft technology has allowed us to employ their special properties more efficiently with regards to hull des
ign. The XC-33\u8217\'19s streamlined contours and enhanced surfaces serve to minimize drag, while the sleek hull of the craft is optimized for absorbing enemy fire and redistributing along the entire length of the fuselage. Unlike the XC-2 Starfire, greater emphas
is is placed on the superconducting layers of the Alien Composites, resulting in greater heat dispersion than the Starfire could never hope to achieve. In actuality, the Vengeance's deceptively thin sheath of armor belies its extensive damage absorption po
tential, since much of the effective energy of incoming enemy fire is dissipated harmlessly. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 In order to accommodate its enormous power requirements, the Vengeance is the first X-Corps craft to be fitted with dual Xenium Reactors. Although we may never truly unlock the mysteries of Xenium-122 without tracing it back to its source, what we have dis
covered about its mechanics allows us to use Xenium Reactors quite effectively. After analyzing the shortcomings and design flaws in both the XC-2 Starfire and XC-22 Eclipse classes of Alien-based aircraft, X-Corps engineers were able to fully address and 
rectify the power transfer balance issues inherent in the XC-33\u8217\'19s predecessors. As such, the Vengeance is able to make full use of the Xenium Reactors to gain maximum thrust. Combined with the streamlined, aerodynamic design of the Vengeance, the ultimate 
result is a craft that can outrun and outmaneuver any craft in existence, be it Human or Alien in origin.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Due to the overall larger size and extreme thrust potential, virtually all problems in the Eclipse design regarding troop transport were effectively eliminated. Consequently, the XC-33 is able to carry twice as many X-Corps soldiers as the old XC-11 Condor
. The Vengeance also addresses a major stability issue that prevented the XC-22 craft from carrying XCAPS. Additionally, the high vertical thrust capabilities of the gravity wave unit in the Xenium-based engines allow up to four XCAPS to support X-Corps as
sault teams; more than any other craft. This newly configured gravity wave system, while used to great effect in the Vengeance, might have other applications within the X-Corps, perhaps even in such fields as base defense.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Vengeance is equipped with the standard complement of two craft weapon pods. Although structurally the Vengeance can easily tolerate additional weapons systems, Engineering focused instead on maximizing transport volume to provide our ground squads wit
h the maximum XCAPS support, effectively balancing the Vengeance\u8217\'19s air superiority capabilities with ground superiority potential. Even with only two weapons, the Vengeance\u8217\'19s specifications remain quite impressive, and it is still more than a match for exi
sting craft. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Another key difference between the Vengeance and other X-Corps craft is its ability to safely function in a zero-gravity vacuum. This feature was prioritized in order to ensure the Vengeance\u8217\'19s operative capabilities in all environments, particularly extrat
errestrial ones, thus allowing the X-Corps to switch from a purely defensive posture to an offensive one. It is inevitable; we need the ability to fight outside our atmosphere if we are to successfully counter the Alien threat. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Able to single-handedly accomplish any mission the X-Corps may require, the Vengeance is the single greatest asset to the Xenocide Project. With unmatched capabilities, regular deployment of the Vengeance may ultimately be what turns the tide of this war a
gainst the Alien species. Science and Engineering both recommend ramping up the production of the Vengeance to hasten their implementation.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "Oh my god, that baby's mine!"}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "No way, I saw it first!"}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "Go back to flying school, it's mine!"}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "Hey! Stop pushing back there!"}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs20\lang1033\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f2\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 -X-Corps pilots. }
\par }