{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6569742\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title Assault Rifle}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min17}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min17}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords457}{\nofchars2517}
{\nofcharsws2969}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot6569742\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid6569742 Assault Rifle\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Weapons/Assault Rifle\line 
\line Since the creation of gunpowder, the standard military service weapon has traditionally been a rifle. When it became obvious that a multi-national task force had to be created, a fundamental problem soon arose: Integration. Almost every nation
\rquote s armed forces used a different weapon with its own ammunition type, which would quickly lead to logistical problems out in the field. \line Thus X-Corps Command approached several arm
s manufacturers through unofficial government channels, offering a joint contract for the designing and manufacturing of a new advanced standard-issue rifle.\line 
Although the fear of intellectual property theft generated some reluctance, the immediate Alien th
reat and the offer of an initial large, undisclosed sum of money overcame their reservations. In exchange, they would create a revolutionary rifle to which they would collectively retain the relevant patents and copyrights, but limit their sales exclusive
ly to the X-Corps for the duration of the Alien menace. \line \line The Assault Rifle is the result of their efforts. It is powerful, accurate and built for extreme conditions. In addition to these strong points,\~
 it is shorter and lighter than most other rifles, mak
ing it extremely handy in tight situations. Two firing modes are implemented; a thumb-activated selector switch allows the soldier to change firing modes from single shot to three-round burst. Fully automatic firing, although technically possible, was omi
tted for ammunition conservation reasons.\line \line 
The Assault Rifle uses a high-kinetic propellant caseless ammunition system very similar to the [X-Corps PISTOL]. The increased propellant mass compared to conventional ammunition is capable of accelerating the bul
lets to very high speeds, while at the same time leaving no spent cartridges at the scene of battle. Steel-tipped bullets are accountable for good armor-piercing capabilities, and a lead body ensures a high stopping power.\line 
The increased recoil associated w
ith high muzzle velocities is partly compensated via a pneumatic buffering system as well as a field-moldable shoulder piece made from memory plastics which guarantees a large rifle-shoulder contact area, minimizing recoil sores.\line 
Another highly sophisticat
ed component of the weapon is its scope, which gives the soldier unparalleled accuracy in single shot mode, possessing a combined 4x optical magnification system, a built-in residual light amplification and a thermal imaging processor. This makes the Assa
ult Rifle an excellent weapon for night missions or when visibility is limited.\line \line X-Corps employs the Assault Rifle as standard equipment.\line 
For special purposes, X-Corps tactical analysts recommend the use of specialized weapons, such as explosives for wide-a
rea destruction and large-caliber automatic weaponry for heavily armored opponents. For standard combat situations, however, the Assault Rifle has been unanimously voted "weapon of choice".}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}