{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3938295\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title GRAVITY DISTORTION DRONE}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min33}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min34}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords430}
{\nofchars2366}{\nofcharsws2791}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3938295\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3938295\charrsid3938295 GRAVITY DISTORTION DRONE\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Weapons/Gravity Distortion Drone\line \line The Gra
vity Distortion Drone is an amazing piece of technology that may not look overly complicated, but upon closer examination turns out to be almost as complicated as an alien UFO. Although it can only be fired using the Gravity Distortion Launcher, it is a s
elf-propelled drone. The internal systems use Xenium as the source of power for propulsion as well as detonation.\line 
Loaded into the sealed chamber, the Gravity Distortion Drone (GDD) is activated before being launched. The propulsion system creates a self-con
tained gravity field around the drone, which is in turn altered by the systems of the Launcher. The Launcher programs the projectile's propulsion field with vectors calculated from the pre-selected waypoints and then releases it. }{
\insrsid3938295\charrsid3938295 From the data we have been
 able to gather, it appears that the Launcher's systems fold the Drone's gravity field onto itself several times, creating layers of inward-directed spatial distortion effects. The Drone is directly influenced only by the innermost field at any given time
, "falling" into the direction it dictates until the field dissipates. The next field then comes into effect, and the Drone "falls" in a new direction}{\insrsid3938295\charrsid3938295  - at a speed of several hundred meters per second. }{
\insrsid3938295\charrsid3938295 When the Drone hits an object with large enough force, the engine also supplies the power for the detonation.}{\insrsid3938295\charrsid3938295 
 The propulsion system's power is enough to allow the projectile to travel several hundred meters without a noticeable drop in destructive force.\line While we do not know exactly what happens in the detonat
ion, we have gained some insight from reports and recordings of battlefield as well as in-depth analysis of objects recovered from within the blast radius of Gravity Drone explosions. We theorize that upon impact, the gravity-creating reaction is de-stabi
l
ized, causing a chaotic force field that instantaneously affects an entire area around the point of origin. This effect is very disruptive on biological and inert material. In addition to that, there is a plasma explosion that probably occurs when part of
 the remaining Xenium disintegrates uncontrolledly, atomizing the Drone itself.\line \line 
The combined destructive force is quite terrifying. It appears the aliens themselves share a kind of universal apprehensiveness about using the device too freely, and avoid usi
ng it anywhere within minimal safe distance. While the observed blast radius has never exceeded a certain size, the weapon should be used with great care, nonetheless, as we don't know if the unleashed energies are capable of triggering quantum chain reac
tions on a large scale. Nothing the research division tested was completely able to resist the shockwave or contain the disruptive force effect.}{\insrsid14175839\charrsid3938295 
\par }}