{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1386212\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title [HEAVY PLASMA RIFLE]}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min53}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min53}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords660}
{\nofchars3632}{\nofcharsws4284}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1386212\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid1386212 [HEAVY PLASMA RIFLE]\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Weapons/[Heavy Plasma Rifle]\line \line The [heavy plasma rifle] is one of the most powerful weapons in the Aliens\rquote  arsenal. Combining accuracy and firepower in a surprisingly light-weight shell, this weapon is a favore
d choice by the Aliens - for good reason.\line \line 
The weapon's fearful appearance daunts even the bravest of troopers, particularly those who have seen what it is capable of. The huge barrel caliber, prominent magneto-dynamic prongs, and intimidating overall size
 only hint at its destructive power. And beneath the deadly-looking exterior lies circuitry so advanced that its basic mechanics are not yet understood.\line \line 
The plasma generation chamber is a work of art. After the two fluids contained within separate compart
ments of the ammunition clip are pumped into the chamber, the resulting mixture is magnetically levitated into the center. An applied electromagnetic pulse produces a tremendous explosion that transforms the raw ammunition into plasma. The chamber harness
e
s a small fraction of the resulting energy to safely contain the plasma using electromagnetic fields assisted by a little-understood gravitic property of Xenium. The plasma is then accelerated out of the barrel using electromagnetic fields. This process c
an be completed with sufficient speed to allow three-shot bursts.\line \line 
Four magneto-dynamic prongs are used to collimate, control, and further accelerate the plasma. By the time the plasma leaves the barrel, it has a velocity comparable to most projectile weapo
ns. It is the opinion of several X-corps engineers that a fifth prong should have been added for increased accuracy, as the current four are barely able to contain the beam. However, initial investigations into this change have resulted in catastrophic fa
ilures, ranging from simple inoperability to total plasma destabilization. It becomes quite apparent that the circuitry surrounding the prongs is not yet fully understood.\line \line 
The weapon is large enough to require two grip-gloves, and it is so bulky that it ca
nnot be fired from the shoulder like traditional weapons. Instead, it is fired from the hip. Because hip-fired weapons generally are significantly less accurate than their shoulder-fired counterparts, we were at a loss at how to explain the accuracy Alien
 
soldiers demonstrated with this weapon on the field. Indeed, initial firing tests showed that the [heavy plasma rifle] had consistently higher accuracy than comparable human weaponry. Investigation into this phenomenon showed that the distal third of the 
p
lasma funnel is lined with impulse-adjusting superconducting electromagnets linked to complex circuitry that has no observable input. The circuitry is comprised of a conducting variant of Alien Composites, formed without a substrate. This component appear
s
 to adjust the direction of the fired plasma more precisely than simple point-and-fire methods. Test subjects have been heard to refer to the [heavy plasma rifle] as a '"smart weapon that knows where to shoot," and if it were not so unbelievable of an ide
a
, that would appear to be precisely what is occurring. Though clearly impossible, it acts very much as if it is reading the wielder's mind. What is certain is that this weapon does not require or benefit from the normal augmentations to heavy weaponry suc
h as HUD-integrated laser targeting. Though the complex circuitry of the heavy plasma rifle has been successfully replicated, we do not fully understand its operation and have been unable to integrate it into other weapons.\line \line 
The clip for the [heavy plasma r
ifle] itself is similar to those of other plasma-based weaponry, but analysis of its contents will require separate research. The clip appears to contain two different solutions, and preliminary analysis suggests the presence of Xenium in one compartment.
\line \line 
"Lou, the physics lead, has been holed up in his corner muttering to himself ever since our soldiers first reported that the Aliens were using plasma weapons...something about plasma weapons being theoretically impossible. I guess no one ever told the Ali
ens that. We just bring him food, ignore the muttering, and concentrate on doing our job. Now that we've built the thing, I wonder why he gets paid more than I do..."\line \line Frank Smith - Lead Engineer}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}