{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f193\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f194\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f196\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f197\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f198\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f199\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f200\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f201\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f553\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f554\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f556\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f557\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f560\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f561\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red7\green42\blue102;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp3\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0
\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf17 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf17 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf17 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf17 }{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb300\sa300}{\pgp\ipgp1\itap1\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2887630
\rsid9581223\rsid10233731\rsid11410696\rsid14704330}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title HEAVY LASER}{\author u}{\operator Azrael}{\creatim\yr2004\mo12\dy25\hr22\min18}{\revtim\yr2005\mo2\dy15\hr15\min3}{\version3}{\edmins75}{\nofpages2}
{\nofwords656}{\nofchars3608}{\nofcharsws4256}{\vern24689}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot11410696\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2887630 \fs24\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\f36\fs20\insrsid2887630\charrsid2887630 XLW-07 \'93BROILER\'94
 [HEAVY LASER]\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Weapons/[Heavy Laser]\line \line The Broiler is an basically an improved [LASER RIFLE], featuring both better damage and accuracy at the expense of rate of fire. This [HEAVY LASER]\rquote 
s damage potential is great enough to punch even through heavy Alien armor, making it vital in combating\~the more resilient strains of Alien creatures. \line \line \'93Commander Schultsky told me and my research team to create a larger and
 more powerful version of the [LASER RIFLE] for our operatives to use. The word from the front was not good: our soldiers were getting pasted. In an attempt to tip the scales in our favor;
 we tried making a heavier model, but the standard rifle frame simply did not have enough space. It was Jessica\rquote s idea to use a frame salvaged from a [HEAVY CANNON]. From there we just crammed the components in. A month later we unveiled the 
Broiler[HEAVY LASER]. That same day I proposed to Jessica, and she accepted.\'94\~ -Head physicist George Schlieffen. \line \line The Broiler is currently the most advanced terrestrial personal weapon available. Its damage capability and range have
 been significantly increased from the earlier rifle and pistol designs.\~In an evolutionary move, X-Corps designers have moved away from a hand-held rifle concept an
d embraced a larger two hand frame similar to the [HEAVY] and [AUTOCANNON]s currently in use. The larger frame allows for additional components to increase the weapon\rquote s functionality.\~The Starfire consists of seven
 distinct components: laser core, firing mechanism, primary capacitor, secondary capacitor (safety circuit), tertiary capacitor, amplifier, and targeting computer system.\line \line 
The oversized laser core within the weapon allows for larger, more powerful streams of synchronized light energy to be released every firing cycle.\line \line 
The firing mechanism on the Broiler differs significantly from those of previous laser weapons. Due to weight and balance issues, the rear grip of the weapon contains the twist-trigger. By depressing a recessed safety catch and twist
ing the grip, the weapon can be discharged.\line \line The primary capacitor stores the energy used to excite the lasing material within the core and merges the product (a HEL or High-Energy Laser) into a coherent beam. Once the trigger grip\rquote 
s safety is depressed, the weapon begins charging, and within a second, it will have gathered enough energy to fire. The XLW-07\rquote 
s primary capacitor is larger and more robust than the earlier laser designs, significantly decreasing the chances of weapon malfunction.\line \line The secondary
 capacitor is situated below the primary grip and grounds the user from premature discharges. It also regulates the primary capacitor, preventing too great of a charge from building up.\line \line 
The tertiary capacitor can, in the event of a failure of the primary 
capacitor, store a limited amount of laser energy. While the weapon can still fire at reduced strength, it will quickly need to be recharged, unlike previous weapon designs where if the primary capacitor failed, the weapon was out of commission.\~
 Although redundant, it was deemed important enough to include in this advanced design. \line \line The Broiler\rquote s larger frame allows a larger and more advanced black carbon prism to be mounted as an amplifier. When the laser beam is
 directed through the prism, the beam\rquote s energy is magnified two-fold, doubling the [HEAVY LASER]\rquote s striking power and greatly increasing its range.\line \line The integrated
 targeting computer is a high-grade target acquisition system which emits a low-powered targeting laser when the safety is released. This targeting laser is aligned with the main laser beam and acts as a sight. The soldier\rquote 
s HUD is sensitive to the targeting laser\rquote s wavelength, allowing the soldier to determine when the weapon is on target with point-and-click accuracy.\line \line \'93
I was one of the first ones to field test the new [HEAVY LASER], and I must say it was love at first shot. The damn thing nearly fires it
self! The only thing I had to do was center the Grey in my HUD, twist the handle, and wham! One less bug polluting the universe! It\rquote 
s powerful too: it actually burned through the bug and went on to burn a foot-wide hole through a boulder! I hope I never have to use a normal gun again!\'94 -Sgt. Alex Dupont 
\par }{\f36\fs20\insrsid9581223\charrsid2887630 
\par }}