{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min35}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 LASER PISTOL\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Weapons/Laser Pistol\line \line The XLW-01 Laser Pistol is the first of X-Corps' newly developed portable laser weaponry. Despite the fact that heavier conventional weaponry offers both greater accuracy and damage capacity than the l
aser pistol, the XLW-01 should not be discounted as a sidearm. Field tests indicate that the Laser Pistol's primary advantages over our current standard firearm are its extremely fast auto-fire speed, its increased damage potential, and its almost unlimite
d firing capacity. Unlike conventional pistols, which require soldiers to keep track of their remaining ammunition, this weapon can last the duration of a sustained firefight on a single charge. Preliminary field trials demonstrate the high combat effectiv
eness of the Laser Pistol, and we recommend that standard issue handguns be replaced by it.\line \line The Laser Pistol can be broken down into four main components: the primary capacitor, located in the handle; the laser core, located in the anterior half of the ba
rrel; the firing mechanism, located behind the core and includes the trigger and secondary capacitor; and the cooling system, encasing both the secondary capacitor and the laser core and extending into the heat exhanger along the underside of the barrel.\line \line 
Early rate of fire issues were solved by the addition of the secondary capacitor. This addition enhances the safety of the Laser Pistol, buffering the user in case of accidental discharge of the primary capacitor, which acts as the magazine-equivalent for 
the XLW-01, holding the full power charge. The secondary capacitor functions similarly to the chamber of a mundane pistol, only charging when the weapon is about to be fired. This secondary charging occurs when the shooter's finger rests on the trigger. Fu
ll compression of the trigger is still required to activate the pistol, and the secondary charge will dissipate a short while after the finger is removed from the trigger.\line \line Despite being able to achieve a maximum rate of fire nearly twice that of a standar
d Pistol, the Laser Pistol cannot sustain this a rate of fire indefinitely due to inadequate heat dissipation of the core. Tests have shown that extreme temperatures can result in severe degradation of core material, reducing both the effectiveness and the
 life span of the laser core by as much as eighty percent, and in some cases, causing the catastrophic failure of the primary capacitor. As a result, the XLW-01 has been limited to three shots in this rapid fire mode, after which an automatic safety mechan
ism will prevent further firing until the laser core has sufficiently cooled.\line \line Agents MUST be warned that attempts to override the three shot limitation or bypass the secondary capacitor are likely to result in severe injury or even death.\line \line "We'd been swee
ping through a disheveled group of Greys from a downed Recon UFO for a minute or two. We were down to the last few bugs; we had them pinpointed and were closing fast. After a brief firefight, there was only one left, firing out of some bushes. We hadn't ta
ken any casualties yet, so I was feeling pretty good. I let the soldiers exchange fire with the last Alien, figuring we had better cover and could outlast it. Unfortunately, one of my soldiers, Ensign Sam "Grizzly" Mugalla, got tired of being shot at, and,
 you know, had a little shell shock going. He bolted straight at the target with a nice, steady grip on the trigger of his Laser Pistol, something R&D had just cooked up. Unfortunately, those things overload pretty easily, especially when you strip the saf
ety catch.\line \line He scared that little bug-eyed freak to death, and then shot it some more just for good measure. I kept calling him back to formation, but I figured he'd shoot until he was good and ready to come back. Then the pistol overloaded right in his ha
nd. That put him in the medical bay for a few weeks. Now they have a tamper-proof, fully-integrated safety mechanism. They call it the Grizzly Circuit."\line - Captain Sandra Campori }
\par }