{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr18\min11}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 LASER PRINCIPLES\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Weapons/Laser Principles\line \line Several decades of new discoveries in science, technology, and engineering have provided the tools for the creation of High-Energy Lasers (HELs), a significant contribution toward the imp
rovement of our security. Due to the difficulties involved in generating enough light intensity with a portable device, lasers that do more than blinding the target have been just a science-fiction dream until now.\line \line Current LASER (Light Amplification by St
imulated Emission of Radiation) technology works by passing a strong electrical current through stacked laser diodes. The laser crystal is housed in a tube filled with a highly transparent and heat conductive liquid, and is capped with a fully reflecting m
irror on one end and a partial mirror on the other.\line \line At the atomic level, the difference of potential in the crystal helps electrons to get promoted to higher energy levels, in a metastable state, but return gradually to their initial energy, the excess be
ing released as photons. Those photons that do not have their direction perpendicular to the mirrors are quickly lost as heat, but those that do, rebound from one mirror to the other allowing more and more metastable atoms to lose their energy as photons h
aving the same direction with the incident photons. The result is an exponential growth in the number of photons of the same wavelength, phase and direction. Once the light intensity reaches a threshold, it can pass through the partially mirrored end in a 
highly focused beam. Though such a beam should theoretically have an infinite range, water vapor and other particles in the air, such as dust, smoke, and smog, reduce the effective range of any laser-based weapon. Each particle in the path of the beam abso
rbs a small fraction of its energy, essentially leeching away the carefully focused power of the laser. Until now, laser designs lacked the power to overcome this phenomenon.\line \line New research has uncovered a way to manufacture laser crystals that are signific
antly more powerful, efficient, and durable than previous ruby- or carbon dioxide-based devices. This technique of growing synthetic diamond laser core crystals with alternating layers of positive (beryllium and boron) and negative (nitrogen and oxygen) do
pants allows us to greatly exceed the size of the crystals used previously for laser diodes and increase the laser output tremendously.\line \line Combined with recent advances in the material science that allowed the development of power capacitors based on high te
mperature superconductors, our newest laser prototypes can store more than enough energy to last through a lengthy engagement. These capacitors are connected sequentially, gradually transferring electricity to the laser core and greatly improving the safet
y of the user by preventing accidental discharges.\line \line Lasers deliver the bulk of their energy to a relatively small spot, proportional with the size of the laser crystal, about one centimeter in diameter. In the past, the typical melt-through time for a thic
k metallic object was about 10 seconds; however, the improved capacitors dump the stored energy in less than a fraction of second, resulting in a laser beam capable of burning a hole through a 10-centimeter thick steel plate within milliseconds.\line \line The fact 
that laser weapons have almost no moving parts results in a weapon that is not only easier to maintain, but also more reliable than conventional weapons. The loss of accuracy due to the time delay required by the electricity transfer through capacitors is 
partially compensated by the lack of recoil. Improving the accuracy of laser weapons is just a matter of perfecting the technology involved in this rate of transfer.\line \line It is extremely important to realize the extent of this technology within the X-Corps. Ap
propriately developed and applied, high-energy laser systems can become an important contributor to the defense of our world. Complete and successful development of directed energy weapons will require extensive testing, both in the laboratory and in the f
ield to mature all the technologies involved, and to apply the growing capabilities in the most efficient way.\line \line "I knew something must have gone right, because James was trying to dance with me. He opened a bottle of red wine - he doesn't like champagne - 
he opened the bottle, and he yelled to everybody, \'91Hey, Marshall, Noushin, get over here you greasemonkeys, I have great news.\'92 And then he told us the lab had finally worked out the physics of a combat-grade laser, and they were ready for the prototype st
age. He pointed at the pile of scrap metal he'd been using as a table for the wine, and he said this new diamond laser could go through it like butter. We were so excited; we had a working model constructed by the end of the day."\line - Maria Iglesias, Ph.D, S
enior Technician. }
\par }