{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3565552\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title PISTOL}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min52}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min52}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords327}{\nofchars1799}
{\nofcharsws2122}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3565552\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3565552 PISTOL\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Weapons/Pistol\line \line 
Since the sixteenth century, soldiers have been carrying pistols in combat, mostly as a backup to their primary weapon. Pistols by their very nature are designed to be lightweight and versatile weapons used in close quarters or emergencies.\line \line 
The basic setup of the T-37 Heavy Pistol is very classical: An ergonomically molded grip contains the ammunition clip while the main casing contains a precision crafted nickel-steel barrel. The components have been carefully ba
lanced to create maximum stability while firing.\line \line 
The details, however, show the advanced technology of this weapon. The ammunition consists of caseless rounds, for decreased weight and almost no danger of jamming the loading mechanism. The propellant is m
olded directly onto the projectile and triggered by an electric discharge, eliminating the need for a metal casing and a firing cap. The chamber of the gun has been reinforced and fitted with airtight seals to direct the force of the explosion forward, el
iminating the need for a metal case. This reduction in cartridge mass makes it possible to increase the amount of propellant as well as the bullet mass, amplifying the damage delivered.\line \line 
The counterweight slide features a magnetic shock buffering system ins
tead of the standard metal spring. Strong lanthanide-based permanent magnets have been found to buffer the kinetic energy more effectively than mechanical systems, softening recoil as well as eliminating the risk of mechanical failure in heavy-use situati
ons.\line \line 
All in all, the T-37 is the newest and finest in small sidearms. Although many veterans have expressed concerns about using a weapon that has not been "tested" in "at least one World War", it has been chosen for its superior firepower, as well as the 
very promising caseless ammunition system, particularly because of the low danger of jamming. We believe that our soldiers will need these properties in dealing with the threat at hand.\line \line \'93
Nothing like the T-37 for hunting deer. Or buffalo. Or elephants, maybe. But I personally would use grenades for that\'94\line -Lieutenant Jacques Dulac.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}