{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7542483\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title [PLASMA WEAPONS]}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min54}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min54}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords941}{\nofchars5176}
{\nofcharsws6105}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot7542483\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid7542483 [PLASMA WEAPONS]\line 
X-Net://Perseus.Net/Alien/Weapons/[Plasma Principles]\line \line While plasma-based weaponry has been a staple in science fiction, the obstacles involved in reaction containment and sustainment could only be overcome with the advanced and great tech
nical capabilities of a large facility entirely dedicated to this purpose, and even then only for a short period of time. However, the arrival of the Aliens with their advanced technology and new compounds led us to question our previous conclusions. With
 
the thorough study of a large portable plasma weapon and clip recovered from the battlefield, along with our superficial analysis of the unique Xenium that serves as ammunition, we have uncovered the theory behind the functionality of plasma weapons. We n
ow have the knowledge necessary to develop plasma weaponry of equal to or greater firepower capability than that of the Alien invaders.\line \line 
All three types of handheld plasma weaponry used by the Aliens have several similarities. The heart of the plasma weapon
 consists of a "funnel" of superconductor magnets terminated with magneto dynamic prongs on one end, and a plasma-generation chamber at the other. Plasma generated in the chamber is forced through the magnetic funnel by a brief electromagnetic pulse. As t
he plasma passes through the funnel, it is compressed into a tight stream of particles. The magnetic prominences on the barrel then focus and accelerate the resultant plasma into tight bursts.\line \line 
Another integral part of plasma weapon design is its high-effic
iency heatsink. Made of a variation of the ceramic compounds found in the Alien Composites, this advanced heat sink exceeds anything we could ever make in heat tolerance. Even though the plasma is never in direct contact with any part of the weapon, consi
derable heat is transferred by radiation.\~
 Without this heat sink, the weapon itself would melt within seconds, inflicting terrible burns on the user in the process. The heat sink draws the heat generated by the plasma burst away from the barrel to a heat d
issipater located along the edges of the magneto dynamic prongs, which also contain and disperse the powerful electromagnetic fields generated when firing the weapon.\line \line \line 
During our research into the invaders' captured weapon, it has been noted that they hav
e two ammunition containers, one containing a simple Deuterium Oxide solution, better known as heavy water. The other, however, contains a unique gel-like compound. Further testing on this unique substance revealed that it is a compound derived from Xeniu
m. When Xenium crystals are exposed to X-ray laser, they fracture into a fine powder. When the resulting powder is combined with uranium, iron and carbon, the resulting mixture has a gel-like consistency.\line \line 
What makes this compound useful is that it is visco
us enough to be magnetically levitated using the properties of the iron in it, and it is stable enough to be stored for long periods of time. However, when this compound is stimulated with electromagnetic pulses in the presence of heavy water, it starts a
 high-energy reaction leading to the fusion of deuterium, causing the mixture to convert into plasma. The ability to replicate this Xenium-gel has proven to be vital in the creation of portable Alien plasma weapons.\line \line 
Xenium has an important property that allowed the Aliens to overcome all of the theoretical barriers to plasma weaponry.\~
 Indepth studies of the plasma weapon revealed that the Xenium material not only generates the energy requried to convert the reaction mass into high-energy plasma, but also p
roduces an incredibly strong, very short-range gravity field. The xenium particles gravitate towards the center of the plasma packet, creating a field powerful enough to prevent the expansion of the plasma particles, even with their incredible kinetic ene
rgies. This gravity effect lowers the energy requirement of magnetic containment to a reasonable amount.\~
 It is also powerful enough to carry the plasma burst along with the Xenium, which circumvents the problems with electromagnetically accelerating a substance made up of oppositely charged particles.\line \line 
Test firing revealed that the ratio of xenium to deuterium defines the distance that the plama packet will retain its coherency. A ratio of 1:50 results in distances of approximately 1000 meters before the plasma packet disperses.\~ \line \line 
The damage caused by a plasma hit is fearsome to behold. The energy of the particles is sufficient to disrupt the target - organic or otherwise - at an molecular level, ionizing atoms by knocking off electrons and therefore destro
ying covalent bonds. The amount of energy present is commonly enough to \'93dissolve\'94
 the first surface struck, leaving behind only ionized atoms where there used to be structured molecules or cells. For humans, the repair of such wounds is similar to treatin
g third-degree burns from mundane causes. However, recent medical advances in adult stem cell, cloning, and growth hormone technologies enable us to perfectly heal these gruesome injuries within a few months. The main side effect of these accelerated grow
th techniques is the increased risk of cancer during the treatment; patients must be observed around the clock in order to detect aberrant cell growth. Thus, any wounded agent is completely unable to go on missions for the duration of his recovery period.
\line \line We have discovered a potential method of plasma generation that might be even more efficient than that of the Alien invaders. We must learn as much as we can before this extraterrestrial menace discovers our location.\line \line 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------\line FROM THE DESK OF \line Dr. Samuel Marshall\line \line Xenium required for plasma conversion of 0.05 mL heavy water: 0.013 g.\line 
Xenium required for plasma conversion of 3.03 g scrap steel: 0.829 g.\line Xenium required for plasma conversion of 1.44 kg scrap wood: 4.38 g.\line Xenium required for plasma conversion of light bulb: 0.274 g.\line 
Xenium required for plasma conversion of desk lamp: 5.98 g.\line Xenium required for plasma conversion of mouse trap and carcass: 0.739 g.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}