{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min51}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 PLASMA RIFLE\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Weapons/Plasma Rifle\line \line The Plasma Rifle is the Alien-equivalent of the [light rifle], and it is a staple weapon in their arsenal. Powerful, fast, and accurate, the Plasma Rifle vastly outperforms its Terran counterpart
 in every category, but at a steep price; its manufacturing process is significantly more time-consuming and more expensive than that of the [light rifle]. Nevertheless, the Plasma Rifle's versatility makes it quite suitable for close quarters, long range,
 and open-area combat. \line \line The Plasma Rifle bears all the hallmarks of plasma technology \'96 anterior magneto-dynamic prongs, lateral feeder tubes, strategically placed high-capacity heat sinks, and the grip-glove favored by Alien physiologies. A handle attach
ed near the front of the weapon allows for increased stability and accuracy. Although the weapon can be fired with one hand, accuracy is significantly reduced when it is used in this manner. The burst mode is capable of firing three deadly shots in rapid s
uccession; the incredible heat from mere glancing shots and possibility of demolecularization from direct hits make the Plasma Rifle a formidable weapon indeed.\line \line The three-prong design and longer barrel offer increased accuracy, collimation, and plasma cap
acity over the smaller pistol designs, and the larger plasma generation chamber allows for more powerful blasts. The Plasma Rifle is suitable for a variety of functions; its light weight allows it to be carried by agents with average to sub-average physica
l strength, but in spite of this, it remains powerful enough to take down most Aliens creatures with only a few hits. As a close quarters weapon, the Plasma Rifle's enhanced damage is its most significant advantage over its smaller cousins since these weap
ons seem to have comparable rates of fire. At longer ranges, the weapon performs admirably as well, though it lacks the penetrating power of heavier Alien weapons.\line \line The clip for the Plasma Rifle itself is similar to those of other plasma-based weaponry, bu
t analysis of its contents will require separate research. The clip appears to contain two different solutions, and preliminary analysis suggests the presence of Xenium in one compartment.\line \line With the advent of an X-Corps-manufacturable version of the Plasma
 Rifle, it is highly recommended that the X-Corps augment its arsenal to take advantage of the superior capabilities of plasma weaponry and relegate its less advanced weaponry to non-critical missions. However, due of our current inability to manufacture X
enium-122, plasma-based weaponry should not be used recklessly, and it would be wise to stock several non-Xenium intensive weapons for emergencies.\line \line "I hafta admit, firin' great gobs of green energy took some gettin' used to. I mean, y' press th' trigger- 
click! - an' suddenly you've got Alien flambe. Lost my appetite afte' that one... well, fer a few minutes, at least."\line - Private Gabby "Big Belly" Gottlieb }
\par }