{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid13048537
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title [PLASMA PISTOL] CLIP}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min39}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min39}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords343}{\nofchars1887}
{\nofcharsws2226}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot13048537\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid13048537 [PLASMA PISTOL] CLIP\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Ammo/[Plasma Pistol] Clip\line \line The [plasma pistol] clip is a relatively simple piece of technology; from both a mechanical and electrical viewpoint
, it is easy to reproduce and use. However, the chemistry contained within is considerably more complicated. Each Alien plasma weapon design fires its own specialized ammunition, and their respective clips rely on separately balanced sets of chemical and 
physical reactions. The [plasma rifle] clip's contents seem to be optimized for a balance between speed and power.\line \line 
Within the [plasma pistol] clip are two compartments that hold the reactants. The first compartment contains a gel-like mixture containing hi
ghly fractured Xenium, iron, uranium, and trace amounts of several other elements, while the other compartment contains heavy water. It should be noted that these contents are kept highly isolated to minimize the risk to the user.\line \line 
When the two ingredients
 are mixed and a high-frequency electromagnetic pulse applied, the Xenium reacts violently in a manner that can be best described as an explosion. The immense amount of released energy initiates a fusion chain reaction; the fusion of deuterium atoms found
 in heavy water releases even more energy and superheats the mixture, continuing until the reactants are spent. The result, contained by magnetic fields, is plasma \endash 
 a superheated, ionic, electrically conductive gas. The resulting burst, directed by the weapon, is not the beam of energy that many might imagine, but actually a form of mass heated to extraordinary levels.\line \line 
Because the contents of the [plasma pistol] clip are optimized for speed rather than power, the [plasma pistol] does not possess the same d
egree of lethality that its larger cousins do, though it remains particularly dangerous against unarmored targets. However, the limited quantities of reactants required for the [plasma pistol]\rquote 
s small plasma generation chamber do translate into relatively low manufacturing costs.\line \line "I don't know why you're calling it a plasma pistol. I've seen the specs- there's more power in one of its clips than five HEAP* tank rounds..."\line 
- Captain Allison Anderson to Dr. Koji Iida\line \line * HEAP: High Explosive Armor Piercing}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}