{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min56}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 PLASMA PISTOL\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Weapons/Plasma Pistol\line \line The Plasma Pistol is the most compact weapon in the Aliens' arsenal. Even so, it is more powerful than the X-Corps\'92 standard light rifle in both close quarters and long range combat situations 
due to its light weight and ease of aiming. \line \line The Plasma Pistol\'92s design consists of four main components: the plasma generation chamber, barrel, magneto-dynamic prongs, and magazine housing. \line \line The plasma generation chamber is easily the most complex part 
of the weapon; it is thermally isolated from the outside environment, an obvious necessity since even the smallest leakage of plasma would result in severe burns to the user. This thermal isolation is achieved primarily through several vacuum chambers inte
rspersed with a reflective material taken from Alien Composites. The plasma itself is magnetically levitated in the center of the chamber to prevent it from damaging to the weapon itself. \line \line Designed apertures are precisely equipped with valves and heat sin
ks, ensuring that any escaping heat is properly dissipated away from the user. Judging by the quality of design and manufacture, it would appear that the Aliens have gone to great pains to avoid unnecessary injury to their soldiers.\line \line The barrel uses both m
agnetic and electric fields to guide the plasma out of the chamber and partially collimate the beam. The anterior magneto-dynamic prongs on the front of the weapon are the hallmark of Alien plasma technology; they are used to manipulate the magnetic fields
 produced by the barrel, ensuring that the plasma blast fired from the weapon stays focused and accurate. Though only two prongs are present in the Plasma Pistol, it is theorized that more prongs would increase the collimation of the beam, increasing both 
range and accuracy, but would require considerably more power. As the amount of plasma generated by this weapon dissipates after a reasonably short distance, it would appear that it was designed for either short range situations or as a backup weapon.\line \line The
 magazine housing itself is of a relatively simple design, serving to the same purpose as present conventional weaponry\'92s magazine housings do. It is designed, however, to load two different substances into the weapon. Preliminary analysis show traces of h
eavy water and a gel-like substance, which will not be contemplated on this report.\line \line The clip is a relatively simple piece of equipment, but analysis of its contents will require separate research. The clip appears to contain the two different solutions me
ntioned above.\line \line The maximum rate of fire of the Plasma Pistol is roughly equivalent to that of our Assault Rifle due to the time it takes to generate the plasma and accelerate it. The destructive potential of plasma and the fact that this pistol is capable
 of sustained fire with such a small generation chamber is a testament to Alien manufacture and design.\line \line \'94Rule 43: Plasma pistols may not be used to heat my morning coffee.\'94\line Excerpt from X-Corps Rookie Handbook }
\par }