{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min49}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 PLASMA RIFLE CLIP\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Ammo/Plasma Rifle Clip\line \line The [plasma rifle] clip is a relatively simple piece of technology; from both a mechanical and electrical viewpoint, it is easy to reproduce and use. However, the chemistry contained within is c
onsiderably more complicated. Each Alien plasma weapon design fires its own specialized ammunition, and their respective clips rely on separately balanced sets of chemical and physical reactions. The Plasma Rifle clip's contents seem to be optimized for a 
balance between speed and power.\line \line Within the Plasma rifle clip are two compartments that hold the reactants. The first compartment contains a gel-like mixture containing highly fractured Xenium, iron, uranium, and trace amounts of several other elements, w
hile the other compartment contains heavy water. It should be noted that these contents are kept highly isolated to minimize the risk to the user.\line \line When the two ingredients are mixed and a high-frequency electromagnetic pulse applied, the Xenium reacts vio
lently in a manner that can be best described as an explosion. The immense amount of released energy initiates a fusion chain reaction; the fusion of deuterium atoms found in heavy water releases even more energy and superheats the mixture, continuing unti
l the reactants are spent. The result, contained by magnetic fields, is plasma \'96 a superheated, ionic, electrically conductive gas. The resulting burst, directed by the weapon, is not the beam of energy that many might imagine, but actually a form of mass 
heated to extraordinary levels.\line \line Although the contents within the [plasma rifle] clip are optimized to provide an increase in power over smaller plasma weapon designs, the plasma-generation reaction takes a marginally longer time to complete, resulting in 
a slightly lower rate of fire. \line \line "Y'know, it's pretty hard to get used to these new clips: the radioactive symbol makes me pretty nervous..."\line - Private Mark Chan. }
\par }