{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min52}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 ROCKET LAUNCHER\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Weapons/Rocket Launcher\line \line The solo-operated Rocket Launcher is the soldier\'92s version of the Titan missile launching system. Its positive features include good handling, high damage, and a high degree of accuracy, but its 
major drawbacks are its low rate of fire and extreme weight. Depending on the ammunition being used, the "[RL]" produces damage ranging from explosive to incendiary, and it is recommended for situations where the delivery of maximum force outweighs that of
 other conventional weapons.\line \line "I've spent all day patching wounds, some of which I\'92ve never even seen before, when several of the wounded told me that they'd be dead if Corporal Benson hadn\'92t saved them. He apparently placed an incendiary round of some sor
t into an Alien infested house\'85 Unfortunately, he managed to kill 3 civilians by doing so...shame." -Britney Cox, Senior Medical staff.\line \line Focused Explosive/Controlled Explosive (FE/CE): This warhead was designed to produce a confined explosion radius. Pleas
e note that this missile is not recommended for area-effect effect purposes, as the blast radius is limited to a single human-sized target.\line \line High Explosive (HE): This warhead is basically a miniature version of the aircraft-mounted Titan missile, but it in
corporates a much smaller payload of Rapid Detonating Mixture (RDM), a mixture containing the explosive cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine. It is best suited in combat against grouped targets and/or heavily armored Aliens. \line \line Incendiary (INC): This warhead is co
ntains condensed napalm, making this type of rocket best used on Aliens with a particular vulnerability to flame. It can also be used as an area-suppressing tool against other ground units. Please consider that some governments may disapprove of a total sc
orched earth policy.\line \line BASE#1 chat log Recorded at 0938: channel #"RL"\line Drummerboy:"titan.. what? are you trying to tell me that some guy decided to rip a missile launcher off a plane, then redesign it so that a single soldier like me, can lug it around and 
blow S--- up?"\line RustedSoul: " it is a little more complicated then that, but basically yes"\line Drummerboy: "SWEET! i can't wait to try it...so um, what are you wearing?"\line #RustedSoul has left the channel \line \line Since 1970, the Tube-launched, Optically tracked, Wire 
command-link guided (TOW) weapons system has been Earth's leading design in anti-tank warfare. Due to the fact that it either requires a 2-3 man team or vehicle attachment for operation, most military organizations have deemed it too inefficient for use by
 Special Forces, and they have sought solo-operated alternatives such as the RPG-7, LAW, and SMAW. In November of 2011, a German scientist by the name of Hans Steiner began development of the \'93Lone Soldat\'94 (LS) Tank Destroyer. By combining the technologica
l advances found in the Titan missile system with the TOW design base, Steiner was able to create a missile and launcher system that catered specifically to infantry in ground warfare. The Rocket Launcher has since developed into Earth\'92s finest solo-operat
ed anti-tank weapon. As the LS\'92s reputation for effectiveness grew, so too did its demand. In order to capitalize on this strong demand, manufacturers in Germany limited the LS\'92s production, making it harder to acquire. Because of this marketing strategy, 
only government-funded military organizations are able to afford this weapon. \line \line The LS\'92s 1-meter long stainless steel structure gives it a rugged exterior that protects most of the electrical components housed within, including the "free-floating light amp
lification scope" used to assist targeting. Operation of the Rocket Launcher is fairly simple; the user places the missile into the rear of the tube where it is locked into place with small spring-operated pressure plates. The LS is then mounted on one sho
ulder, and targeting is achieved though simple electronic targeting aids. When the trigger is pulled, the rocket propellant ignites, sending the rocket down the tube and on towards its target.\line \line At each missile's forefront sits the pressure detonator, that 
is somewhat isolated within a depleted uranium housing. The detonator becomes active 1.3 seconds after launching to prevent premature detonation and injury to the user in case of a malfunction in the launching mechanism. Behind this detonator sits the sele
cted compound (FE/CE, HE, or IC) and behind that, a fuel compartment filled with a modest quantity of aluminized ammonium perchlorate.\line \line "I took out six of those damn Greys with one shot, all dug in wasting my platoon. Heck we'd all be dead if I hadn\'92t nuke
d them. It was just so easy, aim, pull the trigger, BOOM... no more problem. How the heck was I supposed to know that there were people there?!" -Corporal Jay. T Benson (Retired) }
\par }