{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3371944\rsid3942789
\rsid8598126\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title Stun Launcher}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min54}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min55}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords309}
{\nofchars1702}{\nofcharsws2007}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3371944\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3942789 STUN LAUNCHER}{\insrsid3371944 \line X}{\insrsid3371944 
-Net://Pegasus.Net/Alien/}{\insrsid3371944 Weapons/Stun}{\insrsid3371944  }{\insrsid3371944 Launcher\line \line The Stun Launcher is a useful piece of alien technology, for both sides of the conflict. In our ca
se, it allows for capturing living aliens at a range, and thus effectively eliminates the melee requirements of the Stun Baton. It's ability to stun is not limited to a single target, but is spread out in a large area. This ability enables it to be used a
g
eanst large packs of aliens, and still preserve it's stun effect. The Stunning capabilities are much more powerful than that of our Stun Batons, but due to the spread, targets further away from the center of the blast may still be standing after a hit. Ho
wever, in a direct hit, it is powerful enough to take down the greatest of our foes. \line \line 
Inside the Stun Launcher are various components to house the Stun Bomb, designed to prevent an accident that would stun the user. One of such components is a gelatinous substance that makes sure the Stun Bomb won\rquote 
t move when the gun is shaken. We have not been able to reproduce this substance, but we found out that it's structually very similar to ballistics gel. As such, it can easily be replicated without any side effect
s. The Stun Bomb itself is cradled in the front part of the gun, where a locking mechanism, imbedded in the gel, keeps it in place. When fired, the mechanism, along with the gel, slides back into a small chamber, allowing the Stun Bomb through.\line 
\line The Stun L
auncher is reloaded by holding down the trigger to unlatch the locking mechanism, as when fireing the gun. From there, another Stun Bomb is loaded into the muzzle. It takes little time, and the gel structure at the back of the chamber will prevent any acc
idental releases.\line \line 
" 'It was an accidental stun bomb discharge' has become one of the most common explainations from the scientists I've caught sleeping on the job. At the beginning I belived them, but when I hear them snore from outside the room, I get my 
doubts..." ~ Joan De Melan, X-Corps inner-relations team.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}