{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid9731676
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title STUN BOMB}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min52}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min53}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords365}{\nofchars2012}
{\nofcharsws2373}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9731676\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid9731676 STUN BOMB}{\insrsid9731676 \line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Weapons/StunBomb
\line \line Required as ammo for the Stun Launcher, this relatively small object, named simply Stun Bomb, was designed by aliens as a very efficient device to incapacitate humans from a distance. While the exterior of the Stun Bom
b seems made of organic-like material, the inside compartments contain Xenium and some other chemicals, all in combination required to render the victim motionless, but also to prevent its death. \line \line 
The outer layer is made of chemicals that proved to be a v
ery efficient vasodilator, its effect being involved in speeding up the heat-loss process in humans. When the Stun Bomb is launched, as soon as the outer shell touches a hard surface, the interior layers that separate the chemicals inside tears and the su
dden reaction disperses most of the active compounds over a large area.\line \line 
As soon as the dispersed Xenium comes in contact with one of the chemicals found inside the Stun Bomb, a very special effect starts to take place. The relative velocity of the atoms in
 close proximity with Xenium decreases dramatically, which is the equivalent of a sudden drop of temperature. The decrease of movement is rather selective, ions being more affected than electrons, thus also a big electrostatic charge separation occur simu
ltaneously with the temperature drop.\line \line 
Thus, the victim muscles get incapacitated by both freezing cold and sudden electric shocks strong enough to make even an elephant shake uncontrollably. The vasodilator compounds amplify the effect, by maintaining bloo
d vessels open, but at the same time they prevent the growth of ice crystals inside the blood and tissues, which is the main cause of cell damage leading to death by cold.\line \line 
Some other chemicals seem to be taken by the blood flow toward the central nervous system, where they decrease the amplitude of the brainwaves and induce sleepiness, rendering the victim calm and inoffensive. \line \line 
Even if the aliens might have a very different biochemistry from us, the freezing cold and the electrical shocks will be effecti
ve against any unprotected lifeform, which lead to the conclusion that such weapon can be used with relative succes in capturing live aliens without the need to expose our soldiers to the dangers of using Stun Batons.\line \line 
"Corporal, how many times I told you not to use Stun Bombs to make my ice tea?"-Sergeant Montgomery}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}