{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0
}{\pgp\ipgp1\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5980741\rsid8598126\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title STUN BATON}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min25}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min25}
{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords500}{\nofchars2756}{\nofcharsws3250}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5980741\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5980741 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\lang3082\langfe3082\langnp3082\insrsid5980741\charrsid5980741 
STUN BATON\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Equipment/Stun Baton\line \line The Stun Baton is designed with one purpose in mind: to incapacitate an enemy unit; for which it has proven to be truly exceptional. In testing trials, every single animal and Human su
bject was rendered unconscious after a single encounter with the Stun Baton. It has been designed by using existing counter-rioting stun rods and extending them further using cutting-edge technology.\line \line 
The world's best biophysicists have developed this piec
e of technology through extensive testing on terrestrial organisms, so due to lack of test subjects the Stun Baton might not be completely effective against extraterrestrial beings as it is with terrestrial ones. Although an on-board computer automaticall
y calculates the estimated force needed to incapacitate the target, it has not been programmed using Alien specifications; thus it may err when encountering Alien targets with vastly different physiologies than the ones used for testing.\line \line 
Externally, the St
un Baton appears to be like any other crowd controlling device, with a handle and a tip that discharges a powerful electric shock. On the interior, however, is one of the most impressive technological displays in any modern weapon. The precise voltage req
uired is determined by the aforementioned computer. Within milliseconds, the Stun Baton\rquote 
s capacitor charges to the required amount, and the weapon is ready for use. As the tip of the baton makes contact with an enemy, an electrical shock disperses into the 
target's body, targeting two places in particular: the voluntary nervous system and the heart. Both are severely disrupted by minimal electrical shock; the only trouble is administering the correct voltage. For example, if the voltage is too great, critic
a
l damage may be done to the nervous system, and in particular, the heart; cardiac arrest and death may occur very quickly. On the other hand, if the voltage and consequent electrical current are too low, then the subject may either be unaffected, or merel
y
 stunned for a very short period of time. The latter case is generally preferable, and this is why the computer within the device has been programmed to err on the side of caution, in line with current riot control models. This safety feature helps preven
t accidental deaths.\line \line The Research Division advises that this weapon be used cautiously and sparingly in tactical situations, as actual contact is required with the enemy to ensure that this weapon is effective. \line \line 
"Those goddamn stun batons, man they really hurt. Left a bruise like being hit with a tank and the headache... I'll never complain about hangovers again."\line - Anonymous testee.\line \line 
"About that time a new contraption arrived. Unmarked car, a team of suits: the works. Looked like they were from the govern
ment or something. They wanted us to help test a "control weapon for unspecified but hightened physiology". The director asked us to test it out. I took one look at the specs and told Mikey that if he tested it instead of me, I'd take his taser shots and 
rubber bullets for a month. Judging the amount of time he spent in the hospital, I'm sure I got the better deal."\line - "Moving Target - tales from the UN Non-Lethal Weapons Research Center" by J. Spliner.\line 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid14175839\charrsid5980741 
\par }}