{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6488633\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ALIEN GRENADE}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min31}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min32}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords313}{\nofchars1726}
{\nofcharsws2035}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot6488633\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid6488633 ALIEN GRENADE\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Weapons/Grenade\line 
\line As any soldier with experience figh
ting the Alien menace will probably say, the Aliens' main strength lies in their weaponry and its superiority to our equivalents. In no case is this more obvious than in the comparison between Alien grenades and our own fragmentation grenades. Although ea
ch design aims for identical goals (i.e. an area effect, hand thrown explosive weapon), they achieve this aim in remarkably different ways, both in principal and complexity. \line \line 
The Xenium-122 within the Alien grenade is critically destabilized by application
 of a resonant magnetic field. As the Xenium within the grenade unfolds, its stored energy is released at a vast rate, mainly in the forms of radiation and high-energy atomic particles. (Note: Staring directly at an Alien grenade\rquote 
s explosion can lead to te
mporary or permanent damage to the retina, and should be avoided at all costs). The ionization on a large scale is apparent in the form of high-energy plasma. The resulting plasma shockwave causes catastrophic damage to the affected material, surrounding 
environment, and in a biological case is likely to cause a very rapid death. Radiation burns will also be present in non-shielded targets within line of sight.\line \line 
Unlike fragmentation grenades, Alien grenades can cause severe damage to hardened metals by melting them and consequently may prove effective against armored Alien opponents or any other metal-based foe.\line \line 
In a vacuum there is less material for the grenade to ionize and the plasma will cool rapidly resulting in a less severe shockwave. The majority to
 the energy will escape as hard radiation, which will flash fry the surrounding area sufficiently to cause noticeable damage to hard targets at medium range. \line \line 
While we are able to produce this weapon, Xenium-122 is required for its manufacturing; no substitutions of any kind can be done.\line \line "Take that you buggers! The Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch!"\line *BOOM*\line 
"Heh heh heh... Nothing beats the Holy Hand Grenade!"}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}