{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid13265043
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ANTI-GRAV POWERSUIT}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min37}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min37}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords630}{\nofchars3466}
{\nofcharsws4088}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot13265043\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid13265043 ANTI-GRAV POWERSUIT\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Armor/Icarus\line 
\line The Anti-grav Powersuit Mark III, "Icarus", is the next phase in personal armor design. Not only does it provide better protection
 than the Praetorian; the Icarus also provides our agents with better tactical flexibility by allowing them to move freely above the engagement area. Unfortunately, a design compromise resulted in the Icarus having rear armor plating weaker than that of t
he Praetorian's due to the location of the flight system backpack in that area.\line \line "It's a bird!"\line "No, it's a plane!"\line "No, It's... it's the Icarus AGPS!"\line -Trio of Superman fans in the Research Team\line \line 
The Anti-grav Powersuit Mark I "Flying Praet" was initially 
developed as an extension of the Praetorian design. That is to say, to provide our field agents with better tactical flexibility by redesigning the suit to include a small anti-gravity device. Also, as a next generation extension of the Praetorian, the de
s
ign also included various upgrades, including an upgraded version of the medicomp, enhanced flexibility, and reworked myomer bundles that reduced the powersuit's weight. Also, heat dissipaters developed for use with the anti-grav generators enabled the su
it to disperse plasma hits more effectively, increasing the suit's defenses against such weapons.\line \line 
Unfortunately, while we were able to develop anti-gravity generators both small and efficient enough to provide sustainable flight, the complexity involved wi
th controlling the hovering suit required controls too complex to integrate into a suit's control system without interfering with an agent's combat awareness. As a result, the development of the Mark I "Flying Praet" was put on hold while we studied the A
lien Navigation Systems for a solution.\line \line 
By developing a simplified version of the navigation systems used by the aliens, we essentially allowed the wearer to control the suits' flight by using their minds. Initial trials showed great promise with the suits
 pulling off advanced acrobatics in midair with ease. However, just as the Anti-grav Powersuit Mark II was entering preproduction phase, an average of three out of four of the test pilots started exhibiting signs of psychosis and severe paranoia, to the e
xtent that all three had to be sedated and placed under watch in order to prevent them from injuring themselves as well as other personnel.\line \line 
Extensive review of the recorder flight data as well as the design suggested that the difficulty involved with contr
olling every single detail of the suit's flight resulted in severe stress for the Human mind which was simply not designed to process that much information, resulting in a chemical imbalance in the brain as well as neuronal "burnout" from being psionicall
y
 active for extended periods of time. Unfortunately, we were only able to jury-rig a neural engram buffer to simulate ninety percent of the required input/output to maintain level flight, and in the due process, limit the suits to basic movements along th
e horizontal and vertical planes.\line \line A fortunate side effect of the redesign was that the occupant was sufficiently "disconnected" from the suit that user doesn\rquote 
t actually feel pain when the armor is hit, and that unlike the alien's mental control systems, the occupants won\rquote t die if they disconnect from the armor's flight control system in a hurry.\line \line 
We still hope to be able to finalize a design that would enable our field agents to fly through the skies freely, but due to the time constraints, are forced to field the Anti-grav Powersuit Mark III as it is right now.\line \line 
"I tell you, those things move on their own! Mine was planning on eating me and I knew because of the freaky mental control systems those scientists cooked up. I had to kill it before it found out I knew its plans!"\line \line 
"The patient exhibits signs of severe paranoia as well as psychosis. It is still uncertain as to whether it is the mental control system the cause of the patient's mental disorders. The patient is deemed mentally unfit for duty until further notice."
\line -Excerpt from psychiatric report of AGPS MK-II test pilot}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}