{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3695766\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title COMBAT ARMOR}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min24}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min24}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords678}{\nofchars3733}{\nofcharsws4403}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3695766\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3695766 COMBAT ARMOR\line X-Net://Pegasus.Net/Equipment/Combat Armor\line 
\line The Alien menace is a threat beyond anything we could have ever prepared ourselves for, nothing we could have ever planned for.
 We are rapidly finding ourselves outmanned, outmaneuvered, and outgunned. This war requires a new kind of soldier to fight a new kind of enemy. We have to respond quickly and effectively, minimizing both their strengths and our weaknesses. Reports reveal
 
that the distinct Alien species are either heavily armored or possess thick hides which appear to be bulletproof in a small degree, this obliges us to make use of new, vastly powerful weapons. This, however, is not enough. We need to stem the losses we ar
e sustaining in the face of the awesome killing power of the enemy\rquote 
s technology. To this end, we have used what we know about the material known as Alien Composites they use in their hulls and equipment to create a new kind of personal armor. This will finally bring us to an equal footing with the Alien threat.\line 
\line Once X-Corps\rquote  scientists and technicians discovered how to manufacture and control a stable culture of the organic component of the Aliens' incredibly robust Composites, it was relatively simple to m
old it into an armored suit, well suited for X-Corps\rquote 
 particular tactical needs. Initial attempts to combine the Composites with other forms of armor, including any of the various materials present in Monoflex, were unsuccessful. No process our science tea
ms used could fuse the strange material with any other substance. The enzymes present seemed to recognize anything unlike the Composites themselves, and either reject it as foreign, or incorporate it, molecule by molecule, into the layers of the Alien mat
erial. This has posed some problem, since the ceramic layer of the material itself acts as a superconductor, making the suit rise or lower instantly to the surrounding temperature.\line \line 
Scientists have yet to discover what method of physiological or technical e
nhancement allows the Aliens themselves to withstand this variation in temperature, so we have incorporated a fibergel undergarment into the armor's design. Although it has been found that the danger posed by the Composites' voracious enzymes can be bypas
s
ed simply by allowing the organic layer to form a complete silicon and carbon cellule mesh throughout the outer metallic layer before exposing anyone to the material, the properties of the organic layer are still largely unknown, and the effects of damage
 on the Alien Composites is still being tested. Therefore, the enzyme-resistant fibergel undergarment is considered necessary for the time being, as environmental protection, additional energy protection, and protection from the armor itself.\line \line 
The armor con
sists of one large, continuous segment of material. Alien Composites are sturdy and rigid where thick, and elastic and flexible where thin, so it was actually relatively simple for our technicians to put together a full suit of body armor for our soldiers
.
 The suits are manufactured in generic sizes, which, after being worn for less than a day, will conform to the measurements of the individual soldier, long-term stresses causing the organic layer to "re-shuffle" the other layers to a comfortable fit. Due 
t
o the nature of the material and the fact that it cannot be formed into buttons or zippers, hooks are used for securing. It is formed into a single piece body suit which attaches along the back, so that to put it on, a soldier steps into it like a fencing
 
vest. Cleated boots, gloves, an open hood, and holsters, pockets, and hooks at the waist are all incorporated into this design. A backpack made of the same material hooks onto the back. These are all similar in construction to the Battle Dress Uniform, in
cluding the attached headset and HUD, and the glove's personal readout.\line \line 
"I'll tell you what, I did not wanna put that thing on after I heard what happened to that poor pencilneck, Gunter or...uh...Gregor, yeah, Gregor Rothfuss. But you know, the guys, uh..
. they were kinda hasslin' me and jokin', you know, givin' me crap, so I sucked it up and put it on. Hehe...hasn't eaten me yet. I swear I'm gonna pound those little Grey smurfs for making me put that thing on. It's weird stuff, man, we shouldn't even be 
touching it. Pop the bugs and leave their toys for the scientists. That's what I say. You don't put it on."\line - Private Jeremy Cowley}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}