{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14175839
\rsid16018670}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title GRENADE}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min17}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min17}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords347}{\nofchars1910}{\nofcharsws2253}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot16018670\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid16018670 GRENADE\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Weapons/Grenade\line \line 
The standard grenade for X-Corps infantry is the MH82 Fragmentation Grenade. The size and weight constraints of hand-thrown devices limit the amount of explosive contained within the grenade, giving the MH82 a s
maller blast radius than the Satchel Charge. Despite this fact, it remains a deadly and effective tool of destruction. The shape of the grenade ensures easy use; however, even though aerodynamic principles were accounted for/addressed in the MH82's design
, its precision depends primarily on the target distance and the throwing ability of the user.\line \line "Grenade ["nade"]; noun; Great for clearing areas. Prime, throw, boom. Everyone should have one."\line -Fighting for Dummies\line \line 
The MH82 grenade is comprised of 3 principal parts: shell, charge and detonator:\line \line 
The shell is composed of hardened aluminium foam, which allows for a greater explosive capacity while maintaining an optimal mass. It fragments into shrapnel by the force of the explosion, increasing the effective incapacitating range of the blast.\line 
The charge of the grenade consists of Blend & White Plastic\'ae, a very stable plastic-explosive, making the MH82 Fragmentation Grenade the safest, yet deadliest among commercially available hand-thrown explosive weaponry.\line \line 
Unlike traditional grenades which use a chemical fuse, the MH82 has been fitted with a time-adjustable electromagnetic detonator. Before throwing the grenade, the soldier can set a specific countdown-timer using a dial set into the top of the device. As a
n
 additional safety measure, a concealed deactivation mechanism has been integrated, allowing the defusing of the grenade for those who know the location of the concealed buttons and the order in which they have to be pressed. Note that once the priming tr
i
gger is released, the MH82 is activated and can only be defused by pressing the correct sequence of safety buttons. Special caution is advised when operating under the influence of toxic substances or when seriously injured. If loss of consciousness occur
s before the grenade can be deactivated, the result can be fatal.\line \line "What do Aliens do when rookies throw grenades at them? They prime 'em, and throw 'em right back!"\line - Sergeant Miles Durton, trying to be funny}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}