{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f122\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f123\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f125\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f126\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f127\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f128\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f129\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f130\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f512\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f513\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f516\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f519\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f520\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3082\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7214002}{\*\generator Micro
soft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title MOTION SENSOR}{\author Azrael}{\operator Azrael}{\creatim\yr2006\mo2\dy14\hr3\min8}{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy14\hr3\min9}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords475}{\nofchars2613}{\nofcharsws3082}{\vern24689}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1
\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot7214002\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3082\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp3082 {\f39\fs20\insrsid7214002\charrsid7214002 MOTION SENSOR\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Equipment/Motion Sensor\line \line The Motion Sensor is a portable device designed to aid our soldiers in 
their tactics. It provides a visual background representation of the battlefield and the location of moving objects. It consists of various parts, namely a Receiver module, a Terahertz emitter-receiver, an InfraSense\'99
 module, its computational matrix and the visual display.\line \line 
The Receiver is actually an electromagnetic radiation and ultrasound detector. It captures the according waves (Electromagnetic or sonic ones) and collects information about their intensity. As soon as the receiver detects motion, it di
rects the T-Ray emitter to send a powerful radiation beam near the possible target in order to obtain more precise readings. Terahertz radiation, popularly called "T-Rays", can penetrate a wide variety of non-conducting materials like clothing, paper, car
dboard, wood, masonry, plastic and ceramics without much absorption. So, measurements of adequate accuracy and larger range are achieved than with lower bands of EM radiation. Whenever obstacles such as solid walls interrupt the detection, the InfraSense
\'99 module supports the sensor\rquote 
s automation. This module is an optimized seismic sensor designed for military use. Extrapolation of the seismic vibrations reveals if it is a moving body or a periodic source. It is sensitive enough to pick up people moving at up
 to 50m and vehicles up to 150m away. The built-in software can be calibrated to filter-out annoyances like critter movement and wind.\line \line 
Afterwards, all data is streamed to the computer that processes the information. Its processing power of this miniaturiz
ed portable computer is still challenged by the huge amount of data to be processed, making it impractical to obtain full spectrum images or Friend-Or-Foe recognition. Therefore, heartbeat detection is beyond the sensitivity of the detector. The device ac
curately detects the position of any moving mass in the immediate vicinity of the user, revealing the presence of any potential incoming attacker, although stationary enemies are not revealed.\line \line 
An OLED screen guarantees clear display and power-saving operat
ion. Before each mission, a satellite image of the battlefield area is uploaded on the device and serves as background. Large body movements are observed accurately on the small display as bright dots on a darker background in order to allow simple readin
gs and eliminate confusion.\line \line A high-capacitance lithium battery provides energy for five hours of endless operation. Additionally, a kinetic dynamo takes advantage of the soldier\rquote 
s movement and converts kinetic energy into electricity, which charges the battery.\line \line 
The X-Corps tactical board recommends the use of the Motion sensor device. The location of the enemy is a key-knowledge to success and will definitely improve the odds of X-Corps operatives on the battlefield. In order to provide our platoons with t
his valuable support, the manufacturing costs for this device were held to a minimum.\line \line \'93Who wants to play hide and seek?\'94\line - Rookie John Adams}{\f39\fs20\insrsid7214002\charrsid7214002 
\par }}