{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1181745\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title PROXIMITY GRENADE}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr15\min26}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr15\min26}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords483}{\nofchars2662}
{\nofcharsws3139}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1181745\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid1181745 PROXIMITY GRENADE\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Equipment/Proximity Grenade\line \line The Proximity Grenade contains a single switch connected to a battery, integrated computational circuitry, miniaturized detectors, a stabilizer and also a large quantity of powerful explosi
ve, all enveloped in a lightweight titanium shell. Its shell is designed for maximum stability and efficiency. It offers specific tactical advantages no other weapon can. Among such advantages are setting traps from a distance, securing areas and passages
 
and increasing the vulnerability of any incoming attacker. The Proximity Grenades are available commercially and delivered promptly by reliable army suppliers, decreasing the burden on our engineers and allowing them to focus on more important tasks. The 
Proximity Grenade is powerful and effective even against well-armored targets.\line \line 
After priming, a pressure detector on the underside of the grenade determines if the device is settled on the ground. If not, the stabilizer vibrates until it the device stands 
perpendicular to the ground. The shape of the grenade also aids to its stability. Once upright, the movement detection circuits are activated. Then, it acts as a landmine triggered by nearby movement. Since the movement detection is simplified and indiscr
iminating, the use of Proximity Grenades in populated areas is not recommended.\line \line 
The highly stable and very powerful explosive within the Proximity Grenade is a moldable mixture containing cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine, also known as cyclonite or hexogen, w
hich is a white crystalline solid in its pure synthesized state, shock inhibitors, radical stabilizers and plasticizers, which are all triggered via an electro-thermal detonator.\line \line 
When the piezoelectric proximity detector receives land or air vibrations ch
aracteristic of moving ground targets, it triangulates the distance and velocity of the moving target based on the proximity detector's continuous readings. Objects traveling faster than a few meters per second, like thrown objects, explosions, or fired a
mmunition, are too fast to be analyzed \endash 
and thus considered as targets- and subsequently ignored, but slower movements are presumed to be coming from targets. Once such target enters within a threshold distance, the detection circuit trips the detonator, wh
ich triggers the RDX-based explosive within the next compartment. The resulting explosion has a large blast radius and can hurt and probably kill human targets. \line \line 
In order to prevent accidental casualties, all Proximity Grenades must be deactivated, to pre
vent minefield like conditions as those in the World Wars. When the battle is over, a computer onboard the transport can translate the deactivation code into a uniquely modulated sequence of engine core vibrations and transmit them over the entire battle 
area. Upon receiving the deactivating code, the Proximity Grenades self-disarm, and the inert grenades are collected and stored for later use.\line \line 
"I said my office is SECURE, not TO BE SECURED. Now how am I suppose to enter with that Proximity Grenade sitting right in front of my door?" said Captain Brenny to his fresh new guards}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}