{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1596715\rsid7024398
\rsid12738479\rsid16351164}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title RESEARCH COMPLETED: [MIND PROBE]}{\author Jamie HIllsden}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min37}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min37}{\version3}{\edmins1}
{\nofpages1}{\nofwords257}{\nofchars1416}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws1670}{\vern24579}}\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120
\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot12738479 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\f36\cgrid0\insrsid7024398 PSIONIC PROBE}{
\f36\cgrid0\insrsid7024398 
\par }{\f36\cgrid0\insrsid7024398\charrsid7024398 
\par }{\f36\cgrid0\insrsid7024398\charrsid7024398 
This unusual orb-like alien device is an extremely complex arrangement of alien micro-processors and  circuitry. After extensive research it is clear that this device is some form of alien communication device which utilizes brainwaves to relay informatio
n
. The metallic outer layer has many microscopic dimples to increase the surface area, acting like an antenna to intercept as many brainwaves as possible. While the amazingly complex micro-supercomputer inside converts the waves so that they are compatible
 with the users brain, relaying the message directly to the users mind, instantly and with an accuracy of over 99%. In short, it picks up brainwaves and converts one format of brainwave into the user\rquote 
s format, this allows communication between different spe
cies with different brain structures. Fortunately, due to our brains similarity to some alien races the [Mind Probe] can be used by [X-Corp] units in combat situations. Unfortunately, due to the complexity of the semi hieroglyphic alien language our scien
t
ists are as yet unable to decipher a single word and to learn would be near impossible. Therefore, its use is restricted to emotions intercepted from the target, such as morale, physical status, any equipment they are carrying along with an assortment of 
s
tatistics about the targets condition and rank. This is a very complex but useful piece of technology, that has great use on a battle scene, but it is not without its limits. Firstly, the user must be in visual contact of the target and secondly, the devi
ce takes quite a bit of time to use due to its cumbersome design, size and its minimal compatibility with the human mind.
\par }{\lang2057\langfe3082\cgrid0\langnp2057\insrsid7024398 
\par }}