{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2904262\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title SATCHEL CHARGE}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min53}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min53}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords376}{\nofchars2074}
{\nofcharsws2446}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot2904262\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid2904262 SATCHEL CHARGE\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Equipment/Satchel Charge
\line \line Plastic explosives have been ap
plied to a variety of uses since their invention in the early-20th century, mainly in construction and military operations. They are a favorite of special forces because of their stability, moldability, and their ease of transport and storage.\line \line 
The Satchel
 Charge has many similarities with the much more common C4 explosive, but it is much more powerful and sophisticated. The four-kilogram Satchel Charge consists of four wide bars of a special plastic explosive held together by a layer of heat-resistant all
oy. The front-mounted digital touch screen receives user input and displays the countdown timer.\line \line The plastic explosive used in the device is the new Blend & White Plastic\'ae
, a highly refined mixture of RDX-rich Torpex and a binder that greatly enhances its 
malleable consistency, such that it resembles modeling clay or cement. The explosive known as RD-X (Rapid Detonation) is the commercial name of cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine, also known as cyclonite or hexogen, which is a white crystalline solid in its pu
re synthesized state. It is often mixed with other explosives (such as TNT), plasticizers, and/or desensitizers. Torpex is a common mixture which contains 42% TNT, 40% RDX and 18% aluminum.\line \line 
The Satchel Charge is stable in storage and is considered the most
 powerful and brisant military-grade high explosive. The revolutionary manufacturing process patented by Blend and White eliminates the risk of premature detonations and results in an explosive that is quite stable at high temperatures and almost impervio
us to flame. These qualities make Blend and White the best plastic explosive for battlefield use.\line \line 
Entering the activation code primes the explosive and prompts the user to set the countdown timer. Once activated, however, the only way to defuse or reset th
e Satchel Charge is through the successful input of the deactivation code. Our operatives have been thoroughly trained in the use of this device to prevent accidental detonations. A minimal operating distance should always be maintained, and seeking cover
 during detonation is highly advised. With careful tactical use, the Satchel Charge can be a effective tool in combat situations.\line \line 
"Satchel Charge ["big bang"]; noun; Device capable of clearing a target area of unwanted presences. Note: may clear target area of wanted presences as well."\line -Soldier's Dictionary}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}