{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8286188\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title SMOKE GRENADE}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr17\min1}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr17\min2}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords379}{\nofchars2088}
{\nofcharsws2463}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8286188\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid8286188 SMOKE GRENADE\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Equipment/Smoke Grenade\line 
\line The M18 Smoke Grenade can be used for ground-to-ground and ground-to-air signaling, landing zone marking, and providing cover for unit movement in combat situations; the latter will most certainly 
make the Smoke Grenade a valuable asset to X-Corps ground operations. \line \line 
In many ways, the M18 Smoke Grenade is similar to the MH82 Fragmentation Grenade. The M18 shares the same time-adjustable fuse, dorsal-mounted countdown dial, and concealed deactivatio
n mechanism as the MH82. However, the similarities between the two grenades end at their modes of operation.\line \line The Smoke Grenade\rquote 
s steel casing has several emission holes at the top and bottom to disperse smoke after ignition. The core contains the two-comp
onent "smoke mix" embedded as seperated microglobules in a suppressive matrix that doubles as a dispersion charge. This matrix can be triggered to rapidly oxidize by applying an electric current, causing the two components to mix and pushing the thick smo
ke out of the emission holes. Soldiers should note that the reaction does not rely on atmospheric oxygen, so trying to douse the reaction using standard fire-extinguishing methods will show no effect.\line \line 
The M18's payload of colored smoke mixture creates a th
ick enough smoke to provide cover during a combat mission. This allows operatives to disembark from a transport under cover in relative safety, or provide smokescreens for exposed flanks during a withdrawal. The Smoke Grenade can also be used offensively,
 
causing disorientation by limiting visual references. In confined quarters such as building interiors, the use of the M18 in this capacity is particularly effective. Attention should be given to the fact that visibility will also be impaired for friendly 
units. \line \line 
Operatives are advised to avoid holding the M18 during smoke dispersion as it represents a burn hazard. Also note that the smoke displaces normal air, including oxygen. While breathing is still possible even inside thick smoke screens, prolonged ex
posure can cause dizziness, headaches and potentially loss of consciousness.\line Using the Smoke Grenade in poorly ventilated areas without proper gear is strongly discouraged by the manufacturer.\line \line 
"Help! I can't see that stupid lamer anymoouuuuargh." -Audio report of disqualified recruit Brian Wonky while training, after using a smoke grenade to "cover my advance and show that lamer who's the boss, eat my paintballs!"}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}