{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid11557604
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title X-CORPS STANDARD ISSUE BATTLE DRESS}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min28}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min28}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords706}
{\nofchars3883}{\nofcharsws4580}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot11557604\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid11557604 X-CORPS STANDARD ISSUE BATTLE DRESS\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Armor/Standard\line \line The design of most general purpose body armor reflects the environment and stresses from which it is meant to pr
otect the wearer. The X-Corps Standard Issue Battle Dress Uniform is no exception. Meant to provide lifesaving protection in unforeseeable circumstances against an unknown arsenal of alien weaponry, X-Corps\rquote 
 uniforms are a combination of the best that Mank
ind has to offer in comfort, camouflage, and, of course, protection. The uniform consists of a helmet, a shirt with additional armor on chest and back, gloves, pants, and boots. These are usually supplemented with a utility belt and backpack.\line \line 
The material
 of the helmet, shirt, gloves, and pants consists primarily of a four-ply material, which X-Corps has patented as Monoflex. The outermost and innermost layers are an extremely tough silk/synthetic spider silk mesh, with a reflective ultra fine fiberoptic 
s
creen woven in to provide not only heat and radiation protection, but to generally reduce the wearer's visibility without compromising fine motor skills or general range of motion. Beneath this is a thin layer of traditional Kevlar, supplemented with ligh
t ceramic inserts on either side of the torso. The last layer consists of a modified form of the NASA material known as aerogel (gelified glass dried into a smoky substance consisting primarily of air, and weighing 2 mg per cubic centimeter). The X-Corps
\rquote  R
esearch Division found a way to effectively perform this technique on a combination of glass and nylon, forming a weightless, highly insulating, yet flexible and strong form of fiberglass, the keystone of Monoflex. This material, nicknamed fibergel, can b
e
 kept at a temperature appropriate to the environment in which it is to be used, and will retain that temperature for well over the duration of even the most extreme missions. It also functions as insulation against all but the most extreme forms of elect
r
ical and heat energy, as well as against many high energy particles. The thickness of the uniform is 1,3 cm, or 3,8 cm with inserts, on the chest and back. The front of the uniform detaches easily at the left shoulder, allowing for easy torso access in a 
m
edical emergency. The helmet has much thicker layers of fibergel and Kevlar, as well as a laser-etched hyperbolic steel shell capable of deflecting most projectiles. An attached headset connects each X-Corps agent to his superiors, and has a pull-down scr
e
en over the right eye with Shodan target acquisition and evaluation software. The gloves have an additional layer of foam rubber for grip, as well as a readout on the back of the left hand connected to pulse detection systems and linked up to a central un
it, usually in the XC-11, showing current time, life signs, and general mission-relevant data, including relative location of all other agents.\line \line 
Boots are constructed of thicker layers of these materials, including an especially tough, stiff mesh covering, 
a stout layer of fibergel giving increased heat absorption, and inner padding for comfort in large area missions. They have traditional cleated rubber soles.\line \line 
The utility belt is constructed of the same material as the inner and outer uniform fabric, and h
as several pockets, hooks, attachment points, and two holsters. It also has a small emergency broadcasting unit in case of separation from the main force. The backpack connects directly to the uniform via four small hooks, distributing its weight mainly t
o the shoulders and hips. It is also formed from a silk/synthetic spider silk mesh coupled with a reflective weave. Its simple construction allows it to be folded and stored in an agent's belt pocket when unused.\line \line 
"I was pretty sceptical of the new suit whe
n I first slipped it on - it seemed like any other uniform I'd ever worn, only maybe a little thicker and heavier. I joked that it was an excuse to get us to carry around a little more weight than usual, you know, doing drills. Then, one day we were doing
 
a mock-up bug hunt in an abandoned factory. Apparently, the place still had some gas in the tanks and pipes that were running everywhere in that building, 'cause we banged some of 'em up pretty good, and when Sergeant Foster lit up a little too close to t
h
em, a great big fireball just kinda washed over him. He was hurt pretty bad, his face was all burnt and I guess he broke some of his ribs, but he lived. The worst part was that when we went to pull him outta the building, his suit, I mean his WHOLE unifor
m...it was barely even warm."\line - Private Jeremy Cowley}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}