{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14175839
\rsid15940286}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title XCAP-AG CHASSIS}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy13\min53}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy13\min55}{\version1}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords809}{\nofchars4451}
{\nofcharsws5250}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot15940286\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid15940286 XCAP-AG CHASSIS\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/XCAPS/XCAP-AG CHASSIS\line 
\line After analyzing the Aliens anti-gravity technology we could recover from downed Alien crafts, it was possible to create our own design of a Xenium Reactor in the Xenium Reactor research. This react
or was completely redesigned to minimize needed space and Xenium usage. The result of this project was a lightweight Xenium reactor, unable to lift a ship, but optimal for a hovering battle support unit and frugal in Xenium consumption.\line \line 
Since only a relatively small gravitational effect is required, we were able to use Xenium as a catalyst, so it is not depleted while usage of the tank. The disadvantage of this technology is obvious: Since the creation of a \'93perpetuum mobile\'94 
\endash  a device which doesn\rquote t need energy and is still moving all the time - is impossible due to the first thermodynamic rule, the \'93X-Coprs Assault Platform \endash  Anti Gravitational\'94
 (XCAP-AG) needs additional energy, because if the Xenium itself is used as a catalyst only and thus not deplete
d, it cannot produce energy, so that we can only use it to transform electric energy into gravitational waves. After several tests, we decided to use the same fuel cell/hydrogen nanotube containment block unit already known from the standard XCAP. The pow
e
r output of two of these cells is used to power the on-board electronics and mechatronics as well as the Xenium reactor, explaining the relatively slender output of this reactor type since it can only transform the limited electrical energy supplied by th
e fuel cells into gravitational waves .\line \line 
The power of the hydrogen cells is used to trigger a newly researched aspect of the Xenium crystals. While we knew before that Xenium is folded and materialized spacetime, we now discovered that, although not used li
ke that by the Aliens, it is possible to optimize the unfolding process up to this extent, that the Xenium is used up about 1000 times slower than with normal technique. We suspect a sort of refolding, but cannot prove this thesis.\line \line 
Using a pair of superconducting coils powered by a specially designed combined DC/AC converter/adaptor to produce an high frequency AC output, we were able to produce an oscillating magnetic field that almost \'93conserved\'94
 the Xenium while it was bombarded with coherent photons and baryonic matter emitting a strong anti-gravitational field.\line 
The downsides to this technique however are that instead of delivering power through its magnetic field, energy is needed to preserve the Xenium as well as a significantly reduced anti-gravitati
onal output, thus allowing only relatively small objects to be lifted.\line 
Since the redesign of the reactor involves significant changes to the original Alien design it took us some effort to migrate the safety measures implemented in the Alien reactor core. But now even a direct hit will not lead to uncontrolled destruction.
\line \line Since the internal systems of an XCAP are, when exposed to massive g effects, much less fragile than humanoid lifeforms, and a sufficiently reliable operation is possible without a \'93hot spare\'94
 core disc, the protection field as well as the redundant engine core system of the original Xenium Reactor are obsolete, allowing a much smaller and more lightweight design. After running several tests with this new equipment we achieved to fit it i
n a newly designed chassis and can assure a safe and reliable usage in field. \line \line 
The resulting XCAP-AG is capable of limited flight in heights up to 30 meters and reaches a top speed of 50 km/h for about 15 hours. Its autonomous command/control interface is
 based on newest research into the AI field. An analysis of the semi autonomous UFO control circuits which support the Alien navigators, combined with our own efforts to enhance the XCAPs autonomy software, helped us to develop fast and reliable algorithm
s
 for autonomous navigation as well as spotting, tracking and engaging of enemy units. Combined with enhanced sensors nets using video sources, LASER and ultra sound measurement as well as acoustical input and uplinks from the team cameras this new generat
i
on XCAP is able to act just like, or even better than a human soldier. To allow simple communication with the ground troops, the XCAP-AG features full speech controlled action and vocal response to human combatants as well as simple data uplink to the sol
diers HUDs. To prevent collision of given orders, a voice recognition algorithm was implemented, to allow the in field commanding officer a regulation of order rights.\line \line 
The hull of the XCAP-AG Chassis is completely constructed of alien composites, thus maki
ng it a near to perfect armor - shielding the sensitive electronics even from closely impacting Gravity Distortion Drones and is yet very lightweight. It features a hardpoint to mount custom designed weapons, although the chassis itself needs to be especi
ally altered for different weapon types. Inside the hull enough space was left for additional guidance systems or ammunition and future upgrades of the XCAP-AG concept.\line \line \line 
With the XCAP-AG we now can regain aerial superiority in battle zones.\line \line \'93Hey, now you can build this hoverskateboard for me, you know the one from the movie\'85!?\'94\line Sgt. Miklos Gazo addressing chief scientist of XCAP-AG taskforce}{
\insrsid14175839 
\par }}