{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5723480\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title XCAP Gravity Distortion Launcher Turret}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy13\min56}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy13\min56}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords352}
{\nofchars1941}{\nofcharsws2289}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5723480\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid5723480 XCAP Gravity Distortion Launcher Turret\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/XCAPS/XCAP GDL Turret\line \line After understanding the principles of the Gravity Distortion Launcher, it appeare
d only logical to develop an XCAP-mounted version of this formidable but bulky weapon. Unfortunately, it wasn't as easy as just welding a GDD to an XCAP. The original GDL is heavily dependent on the human operator for programming of waypoints, which is so
m
ething definitely not possible in an XCAP. We had to re-structure the weapon's interface to allow a sophisticated targeting routine to take over the function, not only having to identify the target but also an unobstructed airspace for the Gravity Distort
i
on Drones to fly through. The primary area mapping is uploaded into the flight path processor from the landing ship's external sensor data acquired during landing, and is constantly updated to adjust to area changes during battle. For this, it not only fe
a
tures advanced sensors but also interprets input from helmet-camera video links and even spoken transmissions containing environment information. Target designation is done by X-Corps operatives via a simple set of voice commands, while moving into firing
 
position and setting of waypoints are done autonomously. For added security, the flight path chosen is not necessarily the shortest, but usually the most secure, sometimes resulting in seemingly unnecessary detours, to prevent injury of friendly or neutra
l units. X-Corps units operating with a GDL-equipped XCAP should however be aware that all safety measures may be overriden by simple voice commands.\line \line 
The GDL Turret is the apex of XCAP weapon design. An amalgamation of the most advanced human technology, and the most devastating of alien weapons, the GDL Turret is capable of accurately finding a target and destroying it along with its surroundings.
\line The ammunition capacity of the GDL Turret is limited, but still higher than anything a single soldier could ca
rry. The cumulative destruction available with it will in most situations be enough to turn the battle. Whether for surgical strikes or area saturation bombing, an XCAP equipped with a GDL Turret is a valuable addition to any XCorps team.\line \line \'93
Stupid thing is too strong. I want to kill one alien, whole place go boom.\'94-Cpl. Tim Facehugger}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}