{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min37}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 XCAP, CANNON\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/XCAPS/XCAP, Cannon\line \line The MTC T-01C model (in X-Corps referred as "XCAP, Cannon"), is equipped with the first modular weapon system that was available for the MTC, a 30mm cannon turret. Sleek, efficient, and deadly, it is a m
arvel of modern military technology. With space for thirty depleted-uranium APDS shells, the XCAP Cannon is able to lay down a rapid covering fire, or strike a single target with pinpoint accuracy. While the early pattern recognition systems in the target 
acquisition software had minor problems with threat determination, the state of the art implementation of Asimov heuristic algorithms in the optical sensor net by X-Corps Technicians has increased its ability to differentiate between an enemy and a friendl
y unit to safe levels.\line \line Since in the X-Corps this system is only used for immediate "reflex" reactions an unintended harming of own troops is excluded. To even increase the safety, every X-Corps Soldier is scanned by the XCAPs sensors prior to the battle, 
thus protecting the Soldier from friendly fire unless the piloting officer manually overrides this protection. In addition, this procedure allows better Alien life form recognition in evacuated areas.\line \line \'93If it\'92s not a friend it\'92s a foe!\'94 }
\par }