{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min36}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 XCAP CHASSIS\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/XCAPS/CHASSIS\line \line In the early years of the 21st century, the first Remotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs) saw military use. These early models had few, if any weapons and completely lacked autonomy software, instead being directly
 controlled by a \'93pilot\'94 in a remote controlling center. The viciousness of the severe conflicts in these days combined with advancements in composites and political fallout from human losses pushed the military ROV into the forefront of both development a
nd deployment.\line \line The peak of current ROV technology is the Modular Tank Chassis (MTC), built of carbon-reinforced, high-impact plastic for lightness, giving it unmatched agility and impressive durability. Twin composite treads are laced with carbon-filament
s for strength, and, combined with the MTC's liquid-magnetic suspension, allow high travel speeds in virtually any terrain.\line \line Powered by state of the art hydrogen fuel cells, it can sustain field speeds in excess of 45 km/h for 24 hours. To increase the saf
ety of ground personnel, the hydrogen is stored within an explosion-proof nanotube containment block which is directly connected to the oxidation chamber, placed inside the same Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastic (CFP) housing. Armored with fifteen layers of 
ceramic composite mesh, the MTC is well protected against attack with standard ammunition. In addition, redundancy in vital systems allows safe, continued function at near-peak capacities even after sustaining critical damage.\line \line Although fully autonomous co
mbat support vehicles are still beyond current technology, the MTC's software enables it to function without constant input from its operator. Following our policy to ensure the agent's full concentration on the battlefield situation, the MTCs are maneuver
ed by our pilots using a highly sophisticated control console from within the drop ship. Featuring a virtual reality device connected to the MTCs sensor net it gives the pilot an extended range of view allowing an efficient support of the ground troops in 
every situation. Basic command macros were implemented enabling a single operator to have safe and effective control over several MTCs simultaneously. Commands are sent virtually instantaneously, and interpreted and executed in real time. X-Corps Technicia
ns developed special algorithms that include rudimentary recognition of non-human life forms and advanced terrain filters altering the custom MTC autonomy software package. Since the original MTC design is from the year 2009, X-Corps specifications demande
d so many major modifications and upgrades to the original blueprints that we decided to share the modified plans with the original manufacturer who now is able to produce these specialized MTCs very fast to meet needs as they arise. The manufacturing comp
any agreed to an eight year exclusive deal with X-Corps. The internal name for this weapon system is X-Corps Assault Platform (XCAP).\line \line The single hardpoint of our XCAP can accommodate a variety of modular turrets, from conventional weapon systems to custom
 designed battlefield support equipment, allowing a battle specific armament for outstanding battlefield performance, though unfortunately a fast re-equipment is not possible due to the complex modifications of the XCAPs mechatronics the different weapon t
ypes demand.\line \line \'93I will not \'93ride\'94 the XCAP weaving a hat and shouting \'93YYEEEEEHAAAWWW\'94\line - Rule 12, X-Corps Rookie Training Manual }
\par }