{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8419485\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ARTOPOD AUTOPSY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min33}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min33}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords699}{\nofchars3845}
{\nofcharsws4535}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8419485\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid8419485 ARTOPOD AUTOPSY\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Autopsies/Artopod
\line \line The Artopod is a walking Alien weapons platform. Armed with powerful and accurate plasma cannons, the Artopod is a threat n
ot only to the civilian population, but to our tactical operatives as well. A direct hit from these cannons would easily damage, if not destroy one of our XCAPS.\line \line 
The Artopod is heavily armored with layers of Alien Composites and ionized matter. Testing re
vealed that this combination is marginally less efficient than one of Alien Composites alone at withstanding standard projectiles, AP projectiles, high explosives and incendiary ammo; however, the armor's ability to withstand plasma is extraordinary. Most
 
of the Engineering Division believes that the armor was specifically designed by the Star-Spawn with this in mind, perhaps to avoid friendly fire or the usage of their own weapons against them. Testing also proved the armor to be notoriously less effectiv
e at withstanding laser attacks.\line \line 
Within the core we found a miniature Xenium Reactor, containing only small amounts of Xenium-122, insignificant compared to what is salvaged from an UFO. A small emergency system was found within the Xenium Reactor: should 
the Artopod suffer enough damage, the failsafe activates and triggers an explosive. The inevitable reactor breach results in a powerful explosion, followed by the destruction of the Artopod and possible death of any nearby operatives.\line \line 
A significant amount of organic matter was found inside the core, in addition to the reactor, it appears to play an important role in the Artopod\rquote s autonomous system\rquote 
s functioning. The concentration of organic matter in the core suggests that it possibly functions as a quasi-living CPU, very similar to an organic central nervous system.\line \line The main sensory equipment is composed by the five \'93eyes\'94
 positioned on the front portion of the upper body. The four \'93small eyes\'94 seem to deal with specific parts of the electromagnetic spectrum, including parts of infrared, ultraviolet, x-rays, microwaves and visible light. The \'93large eye\'94
 responds generally to large portions of the electromagnetic spectrum, including parts of gamma radiation. It also contains the targeting system; hitting th
e large eye could cause the Artopod to lose its targeting ability, greatly reducing its battle capabilities.\line \line 
Supporting this weapons platform are three mechanical legs. Each one has four joints, and these are controlled by a complex form of hydraulics, po
wered by the Xenium Reactor. This system does not provide an abundance of stability, but is compensated with two gyroscopes that are integrated into the lower part of the chassis.\line \line 
As the Artopod is robotic in nature, we were surprised to find that all par
ts contain organic matter, mainly the core. The Artopod is, however, not sentient. It seems to use an organic nervous system in place of electronics. This supports the theories that the Artopod is telepathically controlled, opposed to it being remotely co
ntrolled from an Alien craft.\line \line 
Between the layers of Alien Composites that make up the armor of the Artopod, we found a myriad of isolated and highly ionized matter, both of negative and positive charge. Testing revealed that when hit by plasma, the non-con
ducting matter that isolates the ionized matter was evaporated. This results in a significant stream of ions, which in turn induces a magnetic field. Laser, however, seem to combust the non-conducting matter that isolates the ionized matter, leaving the A
rtopod vulnerable to laser attacks.\line \line 
At first the fields are created in random directions, therefore virtually neutralizing themselves. But when introducing an homogeneous electric field, the stream of ions becomes more systemized, inducing a stronger magne
tic field. This magnetic field proved to be quite effective at repelling plasma, causing only a few layers of Alien Composites to be penetrated. Because the Artopod has multiple layers of Alien Composites and ionized matter, the armor can be hit several t
imes in the same point leaving the core untouched. All attempts at reproducing the ionized matter have failed, due to the complexity of its construction.\line \line \'93Of course it\rquote s safe, don\rquote t be silly, didn\rquote 
t you read the report? the bomb was deactivated when we took it down. Sure, you can touch it\'94\line Rookie X-Corps trooper to a fellow trooper, prior to being killed by the explosion of a retrieved Artopod. \line 
Note: Access to labs has been restricted, and is strictly off-limits to personnel with security clearance under Gamma-2.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}