{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid8864985
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ARTOPOD}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min34}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min34}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords664}{\nofchars3656}{\nofcharsws4312}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8864985\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid8864985 ARTOPOD\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Artopod\line \line 
Our operatives have managed to obtain a functional specimen of the robotic walkers that have been seen in Alien terror sites. These Alien creations have been named Artopods.\line 
The Artopod is a very effective Alien mechanical terror weapon. Deployed by the Aliens in Terror Sites, Artopods are usually found in company of the psi-capable Cloaks, a combination of deadly proportions. \line \line Standin
g above two meters high, the sole sight of the robot is enough to cause panic wherever it is deployed. Initial observations conducted by scientific personnel indicate existence of extremely advanced metallic composites which reports from the battlefield i
ndicate to be highly resistant to most of our standard weapon technology; the autopsy should reveal more information regarding the materials it has been constructed with and possible exploitable weaknesses.\line The robots\rquote 
 bodies are supported by three mechanic
al legs, which despite logic, appear to provide the Artopods with enough stability to move through any surface with ease, our scientists believe that this is due to the presence of advanced Alien gyroscopes within the walkers\rquote  bodies.\line 
The sensory equipment seems to be constituted by five \'93eyes\'94
 located in the upper portion of the body; we are unsure what these five sensors are capable of; we are certain, however, that Artopods are capable of perceiving infrared radiation, as they are very efficient at tracking down Humans in complete darkness.
\line \line Artopods seem to have a basic essential programming such as motor functions and targeting systems; however, reports from the field reveal that they are equipped with a sophisticated emergency system that activates onc
e they receive enough damage to lose its optimal battle capabilities. Once the failsafe is triggered, some sort of self-destruct device is activated; the result is a terrible explosion with a blast radius large enough to pose a serious threat to any nearb
y
 operatives. It is likely that the emergency system was designed to prevent the capture of an Artopod. In theory this works, but in practice, we know that it is possible, to somehow disable the emergency system by shooting at lower part of the body, where
 we believe it is located. With the emergency system offline, the risk of explosion no longer exists.\line \line On missions where these mechanical terror weapons were present, the personal carrier\rquote 
s sensors detected high frequency microwaves being emitted from the b
attlefield; these microwaves have been picked up in all sites in which the robots' presence was confirmed. The obvious conclusion is that the Alien creations hold a direct relation with these waves.\line 
Currently there are two theories. The first one is that the Artopods are not autonomous terror weapons as initially thought, being just remote-controlled weapons platforms instead.\line 
The second one is that the radio emissions are communications between the robots and the UFO\rquote s main computer, some sort of battle lo
g, possibly to provide data about Human military tactics and defensive capabilities, later to be used for better strategies to be employed in further attacks.\line 
Evidence tends to favor the latter theory, as radio emissions are not continual, being intermitte
nt instead, and are mostly originated when the robots are engaged in combat, as if the Artopods were reporting on which tactics were their attackers using. Doubt exists, nonetheless, but we will continue to work on it. We have tried to jam these radio wav
es, for some unknown reason we have so far been unable to. We cannot expect to gain any tactical advantage from this without proper knowledge of these emissions, which seems likely to remain elusive from us.\line \line 
Overall, our Research Division believes that Art
opods represent great danger to all X-Corps personnel on the field. Their arsenal of powerful weaponry and uncanny sense of coordinated attack make them dangerous and formidable opponents. They pose a major threat to all civilians and to unprepared operat
ives, and it is highly recommended that all operations proceed with caution when Artopods are present.\line \line 
"What do you mean your bag of microwavable popcorn just popped? Why do you even HAVE microwave popcorn? Whadayamean to munch while watching the groundpounders get pounded?"\line -Pilot to Co-pilot.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}