{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid11674132
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title CLOAK}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min33}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min33}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords463}{\nofchars2549}{\nofcharsws3006}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot11674132\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid11674132 CLOAK\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Cloak\line \line 
With their alarming psionic skills and unnerving accuracy, the Cloaks are the one of the most dangerous foes X-Corps operatives have face
d to date. Due to the brave and commendable performance of our Tac-Ops teams, we have been able to obtain a live specimen, which has allowed us to thoroughly study these creatures.\line \line 
In observations of the Alien, its body appears to be fragile and weak, but apparently the creature\rquote 
s psionic powers help boost its strength, senses, and even gift it with the ability to levitate, allowing the Alien to overcome this handicap. We are unsure as to how the creature can achieve its psionic abilities but through genet
ic modification and arduous conditioning from the earliest stages of life.\line \line 
A mystery to us is why they wear insidious robes to cover their bodies. Currently there are three theories. One is that they wear them to intimidate their enemies and therefore gai
n a psychological advantage in battle. Another is that it somehow enhances their already powerful psionic abilities even more. The last theory states that the clothing is a form of ceremonial dress for some sort of cult or religion, but lack of pertinent 
data makes it impossible to corroborate this theory.\line \line 
We were able to quickly gain an understanding of the way the Alien thinks due to the relative ease of communication. It seems that the Cloaks have little or no use for verbal communication, sending/readi
ng telepathic messages instead. Due to this, all attempts of deceit failed and eventually it was deemed hazardous to communicate, for the Alien could easily take control of the scientific staff. All staff involved in the subject's interrogation described 
its demeanour as cool, logical, and calculating.\line \line 
In the last planned interrogation, the Cloak took control of several members that were involved and we were given a spectacular, although unfortunate, demonstration of why these creatures are natural leaders
. Using the staff under its control, the Alien showed outstanding resolve and insight in military tactics in its attempt to escape. After several minutes of intense fighting the specimen was subdued and all affected personnel quarantined until deemed safe
 to release. All contact with the creature was quickly terminated.\line \line 
From this and all the other information we have gained, it is most likely that the Cloaks are the ground force commanders of the Alien invasion. Even the lowest ranking Cloak commands many 
warriors from a wide variety of races and is trained to handle any situation in every possible way. Due to this, they pose an immeasurable threat to the existence of X-Corps and the human race, which makes finding an end to this war more urgent than ever 
before.\line \line 
"Ok, I know that, but I still say he was cheating at last night's poker game. You know, I don't care....uh, wait a second. Jimmy, what are you doing over by alien containment?" Ned "The Autopsy King" King, Research Division, prior to the release of
 the Cloak.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}