{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid12870086
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title CLOAK AUTOPSY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min44}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min44}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords370}{\nofchars2038}
{\nofcharsws2404}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot12870086\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid12870086 CLOAK AUTOPSY\line 
X-NET ENTRY//848291.557/DELTACL/EP/5/PERSEUSNET/ALIEN/AUTOPSIES/CLOAK\line \line The Alien creatures known as Cloaks are, undoubtedly, the fiercest enemies our troopers have faced 
on the battlefield. With this in mind, it was very surprising to discover that its physical appearance is one of amazingly weak disposition, being little more than skin and bones. Osseous, muscular and adipose tissue mass are incredibly inadequate for a c
reature of this size, leaving this species with little natural resistance to physical damage. \line \line 
Their digestive system is extremely inefficient, the creatures require pre-digested food. Also, these Aliens do not possess a fully functional excretory system; 
rather the large intestine circulates back into the stomach making it impossible for the Alien to eat food from which it can not absorb all molecular components, having instead to feed with aliments containing only the determined proteins, glucose and lip
ids the creature needs to survive. \line \line 
The cranial cavity accommodates a remarkably sophisticated brain; both the incredibly advanced cerebrum and abducens nerve are practically encased in an immense array of swelled cerebral arteries. Certain characteristics
 of the brain and parts of the central nervous system seem unnaturally developed and made more effective by some undetermined stimuli. With such an extensive neural network supporting the brain\rquote 
s anatomic complexity, it is obvious that the Cloaks are capab
le of extraordinary psionic abilities and levels of physical manipulation through thought. As a result, scientists believe the most viable conclusion is that the Cloak is fruit of genetic manipulation and selective breeding. \line \line 
The level of atrophy reached 
by the physical body suggests that the creature has evolved to its current form through constant dependency on psionic abilities. Their physical strength is so limited that they are unable to support the weight of their own bodies, forcing them to make co
nstant use of these abilities in order to move. The cardiovascular system is woefully underdeveloped and not suited for our planet\rquote 
s atmosphere, the atmospheric pressure is too much for it to handle and without Psionic assistance scientists conclude that the creature's death would result within 1 month due to intensive cardiovascular strain.\line \line \'93Eww! It\rquote 
s disgusting, let\rquote s start dissecting it!\'94 - A newly assigned X-Corps scientist}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}