{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min59}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs18\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs18\lang1033\loch\f3\fs18\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs18\lang1033\i0\b0 GREY\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Grey\line \line The Grey is a physically weak but highly intelligent lifeform. It is as vulnerable and susceptible to injury as humans are, if not more so, but their natural psionic abilities make their battle formations, like 
their society as a whole, incredibly effective.\line \line The Greys are relatively easy to keep alive in containment due to their small size and minimal needs. Their small bodies require very little nutrition, which can be easily provided through a series of inject
ions directly into their bloodstream. Their physiology seems to be well-suited for our planet, though they prefer moist, warmer climates. They are also almost completely harmless and passive when unarmed and separated from their chain of command and fellow
 Greys. Hence, they are not violent or dangerous captives, facilitating close examination and requiring little advanced containment equipment.\line \line The Grey\'92s large eyes allow it to see well in the dark, but strangely, light reflects off their opaque corneas i
nstead of their retinas like in nocturnal terrestrial life. Its sense of hearing is nonexistent; it can only feel loud sounds by their vibrations since it lacks appropriate hearing organs. This creature does not communicate by sound; we have recorded their
 sporadic screeching noises, but they seem to be of little consequence.\line These Aliens have an extremely developed brain resulting in the oddly shaped cranium that is so characteristic of them. \line \line We are now able to confirm that Greys communicate through a ba
sic form of telepathy. Without advanced psionic amplification equipment, this is limited, much like oral communication, in terms of range and potency. Standard Grey communication seems to involve the exchange of concepts and ideas. However, the speed of in
direct telepathic communication provides a quasi\'96hive mind setup, where each Grey acts as a node and transmits information to the next Grey in a psionic communication network of some sorts. On a more disconcerting note, personnel working in the vicinity of
 captive Greys have reported occasional impulses to assist the captive. While there have been no incidents so far, our researchers theorize that perhaps with training or external aids, these creatures might be able to exert mental control over other beings
. \line \line A study of these Alien creatures shows that they are startlingly ill-adapted to life. They are unable to digest even the simplest liquid foods, let alone solid aliments, and there are no signs of designated liquid or solid waste excretion systems, nor 
any signs of reproductive organs. The Greys are effectively unable to survive in the wilderness unsupported. Had our scientists not come up with the idea of using IV drips and dialysis machines, we would not have been capable of keeping captive Greys alive
 for extended periods of time. All of this suggests that either the Greys are a species of disposable drones or one whose survival is entirely dependent on technology in order to both ingest nutrients and perpetuate their race through artificial means. Giv
en the evidence of the Greys\'92 highly organized hierarchy, we believe that the Grey society is too intricate for mere drones, and we speculate that the limited functionality of Grey physiology may be a result of genetic tampering.\line \line Due to the Greys\'92 telepat
hic ability, its society indeed behaves as an amazingly efficient hive mentality with a total lack of emotion. This efficiency is accentuated by their profound sense of logic; individual Grey designations seem to be based on a binary sequence. As an exampl
e of their hierarchical coordination, when confronted by a potential threat, these creatures will change behavior rapidly to preserve itself or defend fellow Greys, either using its psionic abilities against nearby threats, or adopting a unified \'93fight or 
flight\'94 response in conjunction with other Greys, where one individual assumes the role of a temporary controller or commander. Hence, these creatures are able to form, dissolve, and adapt command chains instantly. We still, however, believe there is group
 of permanent high-ranking Greys operating from bases here on Earth.\line \line As part of the Alien threat, Greys usually function as scouts and observers due to their intelligence, large capacity for science and technology, efficient communication network, and inc
redible ocular acuity. The similarities between the physical appearance of Greys and the descriptions given by victims of Alien abductions lead us to believe that these Aliens are highly active in experimental research into the human genetic structure, and
 we should be wary of the results of their progress into inductive genetic mutation and cloning technologies.\line \line Operating primarily on lightly armed research vessels, they should be considered a considerable threat to any operation.\line \line \'93\'85 unfortunately, Sgt. 
Thompson\'92s role in the assault mission was to provide a base of fire for troops advancing on a UFO crash site. The abandonment of his position led to a lack of suppression support which probably resulted in the above average casualties mentioned previously
. Thompson still refuses to discuss the incident, and given his alarming CAT-scan results from the medical team, he has been removed from active field duty.\'94\line - Excerpt from report FA-151-B filed on UFO112/5 by mission commander Captain Georgia McWerth. }
\par }