{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min59}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 GREY AUTOPSY\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Autopsies/Grey\line \line The Grey body structure is relatively simple, possessing almost all organ systems and tissue types seen in higher tetrapods today. Most of these systems, however, seem to have atrophied, save for the i
ncredibly advanced brain. \line \line The integument of the Grey body appears almost amphibious in nature, possessing large amounts of mucous-secreting glands that keep their skin moist, enabling them to use their skin as a respiratory membrane. The skin between the
 fingers forms a small web-like structure, suggesting that these creatures are at least semi-aquatic in origin. \line \line The muscular and skeletal structure present in the Greys is homologous to that of humans, with an axial skeleton supporting the central nervou
s system, muscles, and limbs. The skull is massive compared to that of humans, supported by a strong spinal column and a thin, but muscular neck. Most of the other muscles in the creature\'92s body, however, seem to have atrophied to varying degrees, proof of
 either a sudden, irreversible habitat change or genetic manipulation. \line \line The mouth is toothless, and no structures for mastication exist. The esophagus is also vestigial and possesses very little muscle, making it impossible for Greys to ingest food orally
. The remainder of the digestive system is extremely rudimentary, and no digestive glands were found, hinting at the artificial means by which these creatures acquire nutrition. Elimination of solid and liquid waste through means other than regurgitation o
r skin secretion appears impossible due to the absence of anal and urogenital passages, as well as the vestigial state of the kidneys. The characteristics of the Grey excretory and digestive systems leads to the conclusion that these creatures are dependen
t on highly processed nutrients supplied externally, probably through injection directly into their bloodstream.\line \line The respiratory organs appear to be well-developed, and the presence of pharyngeal passages leading to two sac-like lungs similar to those fou
nd in amphibians further supports arguments that Greys were once amphibious, and probably inhabited wetlands or marshes. Vocal structures are absent, leaving the method of communication between these creatures to speculation. \line \line There are no signs of reprod
uctive organs on this creature, but the shape and structure of pelvic girdle suggest adaptation to birthing young. This suggests that the Greys at one time were a virile species capable of reproduction, leaving the reasons for their sterility as a possible
 product of genetic tampering. From this information, our Research Division has concluded that the Greys reproduce in one of two ways, in a manner resembling that of bees belonging to the Hymenoptera family, with an egg-laying queen creature being the sour
ce of the entire Grey species, or solely through artificial means such as cloning. Due to the 99.99% genetic similarity found in our analyses of various Grey specimens, the latter method is much more likely.\line \line Perhaps the most fascinating aspect of these Al
iens\'92 anatomy is their brain structure. This large structure possesses more than twice the number neurons and glial cells found in a single human brain, hinting at the incredible cerebral capacity of these creatures. Further dissection of the brain reveale
d a disproportionately large frontal lobe, the seat of communicative skills. This finding, combined with the absence of vocal structures, has led some of our scientists theorize that Greys communicate through some sort of telepathic link, but the veracity 
of this claim has yet to be proven.\line \line \'93Who's on the operating table now, you stupid little Grey???\'94 \'96Dr. Ryouji Yokosata, Research Division. }
\par }