{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5531813\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title MORLOCK AUTOPSY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min30}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min30}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords437}{\nofchars2408}
{\nofcharsws2840}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5531813\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid5531813 MORLOCK AUTOPSY\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Autopsies/Morlock
\line \line Right from the start, it is clear that the \'93armor\'94 Morlocks carry is crafted upon their bodies and is irremovable without d
rastic surgical procedures. The suit, in fact, acts as a second armored skin to the Morlocks, complete with a second pair ears and eyes. The sensory attachments are both external electronic sensors and internal cybernetic implants, working together in an 
effective symbiosis. \line \line 
Further study of the Morlock digestive system gives us solid proof that they are carnivorous and need to ingest fresh raw meat frequently to stay healthy. It is suggested that they may have a quick metabolism in order to facilitate ra
pid recovery from wounds in battle. The specimen is conspicuously lean with less than 3% of its body mass used in adipose tissues. Additional research can determine if this slightly malnourished specimen is the exception or the norm. It could be that the 
Star-Spawn cut the rations while the troops are in transport, or maybe those who are less effective in the field receive less food. Perhaps the leaders might simply hoard most of the food to themselves. \line \line 
The Morlock bone-structure appears to be nano-mechan
ically reinforced to increase agility, hardness and to reduce stress on the skeleton. Small alterations have been noticed in the muscular tissue of the Morlocks, but apparently they are almost naturally strong. In fact, with their reinforced bones, the Mo
rlocks can easily lift approximately twice their own body weight without any ill effects. \line \line 
The Morlock genome seems void of any tampering, or at least none that our present understanding in genetic engineering can determine. The Morlock body however, has b
een drastically altered by means of cybernetic implants. Ranging from senses to internal organs, little of the Morlock body remains unmodified. The cardiovascular system, for instance, relies entirely upon a cybernetic heart, which is less vulnerable to s
mall arms fire than an organic heart and allows blood to flow more efficiently. The digestive and respiratory systems have been augmented to withstand extreme environments. \line \line 
In summary, the Morlock alterations have made an already formidable opponent a sup
erb fighting machine capable of operation in almost any conceivable scenario. In fact, every cybernetic implant and surgical modification seems to have been designed in such a way as to maximize fighting capability. These creatures are clearly the shock t
roopers for the Alien horde.\line \line \'93
These things are tough. We went through five scalpels before we even broke the skin. You could shoot this thing with a .50 caliber machine gun until you turned blue and not even break the skin! God help anyone who gets in the way of one of these things
\'85\'94 -Medical Assistant Simon Brinks, immediately after the Morlock autopsy.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}