{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min39}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 MORLOCK\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Morlock\line \line The most important information collected from the field reports about 'Morlocks' is their great prowess in battle. They seem able to shrug off major damage without a care, as if bullets were no more of a d
anger to them than drops of rain. Those operatives who have escaped a Morlock attack claim that these Aliens can rip a grown man's arm clean off and smash through locked doors without so much as breaking a sweat.\line \line Despite their ape-like appearance, they ar
e quite intelligent and cunning on the battlefield. The quality of their tactics and maneuvers rival those of the X-Corps elite soldiers. However, outside the battlefield, the situation is totally different. While in captivity, Morlocks do little more than
 rest and train, while exhibiting little to no social activity not related to warfare. It seems that if these creatures ever had a civilization of their own, it is totally gone now. They resemble war-machines rather than a sentient species.\line \line After long per
iods of consciousness within the base, the Morlock psyche begins to show signs of acute deterioration. It seems as if these creatures were "programmed" to receive commands from their masters from time to time. If no commands are received (which are specula
ted to be issued psionically) the Morlock enters a state of coma, which invariably leads the creature to its death; an effective method of control over such a powerful minion.\line \line The subject does not appear to know much about its home-world, the location bei
ng completely unknown to it, it only knows (or is only willing to share) about the landscapes and general aspects of its life. Apparently its home-world is a harsh, yet beautiful place, at least according to Morlock beauty standards. The Morlocks, despite 
being the only sentient species on the planet, are not on the top of the food chain. This led to a highly aggressive civilization of hunters-warriors. The current status of their home-world is unknown to them, or so the questioned creature claims. The inte
rrogation has provided us with small and vague clues that the planet remains outside the main "Star-Spawn" forces reach, thus we can speculate that there are Morlocks out there that could be reasoned with, excluding the necessity of a loaded rifle and a ha
ndful of grenades as the only possible way.\line \line Morlocks wear a specially crafted environment suit, a design apparently originally made by the Morlocks themselves to survive the first faltering steps into the void of space. The suit, greatly improved by the S
tar-Spawn's technology, has a powerful exoskeleton which offers superior protection while enhancing the strength and speed of the wearer. The exoskeleton also features a respirator mask which is removable to allow the Morlocks to satiate their natural need
 of meat and re-hydration.\line \line Morlocks are a species of pack-hunting predators. The hunt has, or rather has had, great social and religious meaning in their society. Apparently they hunted their prey without weapons and ate the flesh raw. While the subject r
efused to reveal any more information on the Morlock society, he or she or it did tell us how they are "optimized" for battlefield and to serve the "Star-Spawn".\line \line The life of a Morlock warrior was dictated by a code of honor. The creatures started to adapt
 to this code from a very young age. Such things as fleeing the battlefield without the order of withdrawal were seen as capital crimes and were severely punished. The penalty was usually death; however, it was expected to be performed by the code breaker 
itself and only if it was willing to do so. But those who chose not to perform the ritual suicide were damned to a life of outcast. This aspect of the Morlock life is inexistence nowadays, in the Alien forces there are no outcasts; those found inadequate t
o perform its duties in the Alien horde are executed without hesitation.\line \line A Morlock warrior's status was shown by the amount of trophies it has collected from enemies. Trophies are usually a part of the enemy's body; bones are favored due to the fact that 
they do not decay. Bone trophies are also usually crafted into luxury items, weapons or armor. For example, a skull might be made into a ritual mask and leg bones into handles for weapons, fingers into jewelry, etc.\line It is possible that the Morlock society 
which remains in their home planet still fits to this description.\line \line It is clear even from a quick observation that the Morlocks have no reproductive organs. These, the creature reveals, are removed; and while technically it could be called surgically, it i
s apparent that no such carefulness is given to the operation. The operation takes place in the Morlocks' puberty and is carried out without any anesthetics. The Star-Spawn, it seems, wish the operation to show the Morlocks their place. The operation is pe
rformed by Medics from other species, the assignment to castrate the Morlocks, however, is used as a punishment for the medical troops and torturing the Morlocks in a fit of anger is not unheard of. Shortly after a Morlock is mutilated, psionics step in to
 use the shock and trauma caused by the procedure to strip the creature in question of its independence. While this could easily be done while the Morlock is still an infant, it would lead to unwanted lack of initiative and passiveness.\line \line The subject has to
ld us one of the many legends that the Morlocks apparently pass along by oral tradition. Varying from legend to legend, the "Star-Spawn" Aliens are portrayed either as benevolent god or as malicious demon though in a few legends the portrait of the Alien "
Star-Spawn" is more accurate, as its members are not gods, but slavers from beyond. Any attempts to question the creature of the true nature of the so-called "Star-Spawn" always resulted in an incessant repetition of cryptic Morlock legends, and if pressed
 into providing more information, the subject entered a catatonic state, muttering incoherent cryptic phrases.\line \line Also notable about the Morlocks is the fact that in their society (or the remnants of it) there is no discrimination between sexes. Women fight 
along side the men. It is left to speculation whether this equality was forcefully added later by the Star-Spawn or is an original aspect of Morlock civilization.\line \line "That dude that had the time machine, you know, the one in the H.G. Wells book, I bet he nev
er had it this bad. Heck, at least those guys were somewhat human....."\line - Dr. James Idaho \'96 Research Division }
\par }