{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid10958982
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title RAPTOR AUTOPSY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min48}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min48}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords436}{\nofchars2404}
{\nofcharsws2835}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot10958982\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid10958982 RAPTOR AUTOPSY\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Autopsies/Raptor\line 
\line These monstrous aliens appear to be the embodiment of every mad scientist\rquote 
s dream of biological terror. A detailed autopsy of the Raptor has revealed many important aspects of their biology that help explain why they are such a devastating fighting force.\line \line The Raptor averages between eigh
t and ten feet in height, ground to hip, and 10 to 12 feet in length, nose to tail. Though the highest percentage of body weight is located forward of the hips; there are three annular fluid membranes, similar to the fluid membranes in the human ear, even
l
y spaced along the length of the tail that appear to function as balance organs to allow the Raptor to reach to impressive speeds it has demonstrated in the field. The musculature of the alien is very streamlined and smooth, highly optimized for running a
nd agility. There are minor alien alloy implants to strengthen the joints and enforce the ligaments, to allow even tighter than normal turning.\line \line 
The two most significant biological advantages of the Raptor are organ duplication and multiple visual spectra. 
Every major organ is duplicated and separated throughout the main body cavity and the upper thighs. This makes the Raptor exceedingly difficult to wound critically. The only organ that is not duplicated is the eyes. Raptors have 6 eyes that operate in pai
rs, but each pair of eyes perceives an entirely different spectrum of light. This allows the Raptor to visually track prey regardless of the environmental conditions. \line \line Conversely, the only significant weakness that the Raptor has is it\rquote 
s thick coat of oily hair. This fur makes the Raptor highly vulnerable to incendiary attacks. This weakness is further increased by thousands of glands, very similar to oil glands in humans, scattered over the Raptor\rquote 
s flesh. The "oil" secereted is very similar in properties 
to high efficiency motor oil. The purpose of this oil appears to be to provide the Raptor with more efficient heat dispersion in warm and hot climates, and to keep the Raptor's coat clean and free of pests. Without this heat dispersion the Raptor would qu
ickly overheat and collapse in most non-arctic environments.\line \line 
There are numerous small, alien alloy implants in various sections of the Raptor brain. While all of these devices were completely inert during the autopsy, it is the opinion of several Xcorp eng
ineers that these devices are some form of receiver. From this assumption, and an analysis of the growth patterns of the neurons around the implants, it is the assertion of this department that the Raptor does not and cannot operate independently, and thi
s is the primary reason they have only been seen in close association with other alien races.\line \line \'93I swear this is like the third or fourth appendix I found in this thing!\'94 \endash  Xcorp researcher}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}