{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min53}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 RAPTOR\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Raptor\line \line The large beasts known as Raptors are frequently seen in terror missions and Alien bases, mindlessly serving their Satyrian masters. They appear to be devoid of any emotions, save for an unearthly delight in
 tearing the enemy into shreds and feasting on its remains. Although appearing large and clumsy, the Raptors are actually extremely fast and agile creatures.\line \line The Raptor's intelligence was found to be somewhat limited. Although neural activities were very 
low in the cerebral cortex, particularly the frontal lobe, they were found to be particularly intense in the cerebellum. This shows that although cultural, intellectual, and creative aspects of the Raptor species are virtually nonexistent, the basic instin
ctual impulses are very well developed: muscle growth, reflexes, and balance are extremely refined. It is not wise, however, to simply dismiss a Raptor as stupid; using only its natural cunning instinct, or perhaps telepathic commands from a higher caste; 
Raptors have been known to stealthily ambush X-Corps patrols, either wiping out the teams themselves or creating a diversion that allows their Satyrian counterparts to seize an advantage within the chaos of death screams and torn flesh.\line \line "Wilkins, get over
 here and cover my flank! One of those Raptors just went around that building...Wilkins? Wilkins! Respond, rookie! If I have to turn around... Hey, Wilkins where did you g-...Mother of...Noooooo [unintelligible]" -Last transmission from Corporal Nicholas B
eauchesne.\line \line The Raptor's physical form in itself appears to be very simple, consisting only of a small abdomen, two massive legs, a head and an elongated tail to serve as a counterbalance to its bizarre physique. Although the Raptor has no arms, its lack o
f dexterous appendages is more than compensated for by its enormous crushing jaws and razor sharp fangs. Their bodies are also covered in a thick mantle of fur. Our scientists have discovered that the natural oils that coat the fur are highly combustible. 
Our knowledge about their origins is very limited and is a subject of pure speculation, but researchers unanimously conclude that their nature is predatory.\line \line Peculiarly, ultrasound analysis detects what appear to be two fully functional hearts. This findin
g along with the amount of damage that is required to significantly wound one of these creatures, leads us to believe that the creature known as the Raptor not only possesses two hearts, but two pairs of lungs, and basically two sets of anything we could c
all \'93vital\'94 organs. Only the most severe of wounds can bring one of these horrific creatures down; because of the redundant organ systems, anything short of incapacitating damage would allow the Raptor to continue functioning with little apparent effect. M
ultiple sets of vital organs serve other advantages as well: Raptors can sprint for long distances without growing tired, as their vital organs "cycle" to keep its body operating at maximum efficiency. Whether this feature is naturally evolved or is a feat
 of Alien genetic engineering will be addressed in a Raptor autopsy.\line \line In summary, Raptors are fast, deadly, and aggressive predators that cannot be reasoned with and will stop at nothing to ensure the destruction of any Human that stands in their path. Rap
tors should be considered highly dangerous targets and eradicated when any opportunity presents itself.\line \line "It was a [expletive deleted] mess, that's what it was. Ya pencilnecks have no friggin\'92 idea all the [expletive deleted] us soldiers go through! You\'92d 
think those gigantic freaks would be slower than molasses lookin\'92 at their size. Christ, were we in for a surprise when we got caught right in the [expletive deleted] middle! Those other Aliens blazing away with their rifles, and those [expletive deleted] 
monsters behind us eatin\'92 our men alive...we lost a lot of good men, [expletive deleted]..." - Ex-Sergeant Ralph Toren, stationed at Sunny Hills Psychiatric Center pending evaluation. }
\par }