{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14175839
\rsid14313740}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title SATYRIAN}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min31}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min31}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords508}{\nofchars2797}{\nofcharsws3299}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot14313740\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid14313740 SATYRIAN\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Satyrian\line \line 
The Satyrian is a relatively dangerous Alien that can hover and move through the air, gaining a great tactical advantage. It is recommended that all X-Corps agents stay alert and keep an eye on the skies during a confirmed Satyrian sighting.\line \line 
This unusual creature seems to be, partially at least, an artificial construct. Its reflexes are very quick and it seems to have sharp visual acuity, but only rudimentary senses of touch and taste. The Satyrian\rquote 
s language consists of a complex mixture of grunts, moans and sub vocal sounds. It shows a good m
echanical aptitude, able to quickly disassemble and reassemble simple devices it has, presumably, never been exposed to before. It also showed great interest in the sub vocal microphone that was used to capture a sample of its speech patterns, as well as 
the more invasive medical instruments that were used in the physical examination. Also, the Satyrian exhibited a sadistic liking of performing invasive surgery, as evidenced by the unfortunate and brutal death of Dr. Smith.\line \line 
While it is obvious that the Sat
yrian could not have evolved naturally into its current state, there are still clues that indicate what the home world of this bizarre Alien may have been like. Due to the oversized claws, extended horns, and remnants of the jaw structure of the Satyrian,
 
it can be assumed that it was a pronounced predator. The hands are not structured to be used as paws, so it can be concluded that the Satyrian evolved as a bipedal hunter, probably in a region of low undergrowth, perhaps plains or light forests. Also the 
lightweight construction of the bones and organs (what few have not been replaced by the life support/levitation device) indicates that the home world of this Alien had lower gravity than our planet\rquote s.\line \line 
It is unknown whether the cybernetic implant was devel
oped by the Satyrian species or by one of the other Alien species, however, given their natural aptitude with machines; it would not be surprising if this race was cybernetic before its alliance with the other Alien races. \line \line 
While detailed knowledge of the
 Satyrian society is not possible without further advances in communication between our race and theirs, it is apparent from the battle reports that the Satyrians, while having a definite hierarchy, seem to operate fairly independently of each other durin
g
 a mission. This also lends credence to the theory of their evolution from solitary predators. It appears that most of the Satyrians view their assignments as personal leave to enjoy themselves. They seem to derive great pleasure from using their flying a
bilities to surprise and terrify their \'93prey\'94
. Satyrians will often attempt brute force fusions of handy Carth technology with civilians. They seem especially likely to attempt these horrific experiments on those individuals that appear weakest or that are 
being obviously protected by others during abductions. While they do not seem interested in the after effects of these mutilations, they do seem to derive great pleasure from the reactions of other captives to these operations.\line \line 
"I.. I never knew.. that an endoscope could be used.. that way." Dr. Connors, upon the watching the tape of Dr. Smith\rquote s attempted physical examination of the Satyrian.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}