{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14175839
\rsid16061458}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title SILABRATE AUTOPSY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min42}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min42}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords616}{\nofchars3388}
{\nofcharsws3997}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot16061458\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid16061458 SILABRATE AUTOPSY\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Silabrate Autopsy\line \line Conducting autopsy research on a dead Silabrate specimen was a delicate operation that was carefully planned and executed. The use of Computer-Assisted 
Surgery (CAS) was inevitable. Preliminary study of the carcass proposed a skin temperature of 600 Kelvin at the time of death, which suggested an enormously exothermic interior of the 
body. Thus, a special thermal-shielded operating table was manufactured and then installed in the examination room. The CAS console was set up in a corner of the room, with a durable anti-thermal glass wall separating it from the operating theater.\line 
\line It see
ms that the creature slowly produces Alien Composites which are physiologically integrated into its body as the outer layer of the skin or, in the presence of abundant raw materials, excreted. Although rather simple in appearance, the Silabrate body appar
ently operates in a remarkable way. At the same time, field reports indicate that Silabrates are low-intelligence organisms. With only this initial information, the operation started.\line \line 
Our research team soon discovered that the toughness of the skin of the 
Silabrate greatly exceeds the capabilities of common surgical tools, such as scalpels. High-frequency surgical laser was an effective alternative. With the removal of what we estimated to be the equivalent of the epidermis, thermal sensors recorded a shar
p increase in temperature which stabilised at around 450 Kelvin despite the fact that the alien had been dead for many hours.\line \line 
Samples from the skin were extracted for analysis. The toughness of the skin is enough to break most matter into small pieces whic
h the Silabrate can eat and digest via its stomas. We now have proof that Alien Composites are produced internally and then slowly migrate to the visible outer layer of the skin. The Silabrate metabolism can easily convert a grand variety of chemical subs
t
ances and materials even with fairly high melting points. Apparently, these reactions take place in one of the two Silabrate organs, which works like a reaction chamber, lined with highly durable tissue. The contents of this organ turned out to be a heter
ogeneous mixture of collected materials, including plant and animal parts as well as a variety of rocks and metals.\line \line 
The inner layer of the skin itself functions as a sensory, neural and muscular system at the same time. These multipurpose cells are capable of information uptake and processing and also possess the necessary contractility to produce locomotion.\line 
\line A significant quantity of an unusual compound was detected within the hot body fluids. It is suspected that this compound is the key factor in the pr
oduction of the catalyst needed to efficiently create Alien Composites at relatively low temperatures.\line \line 
The second gland-like structure is the rough equivalent of a heart, which takes up approximately 35% of the total body mass. Apart from circulating the 
Silabrate's body fluids, it also synthesizes the energy-rich compounds needed to sustain the Silabrate. The energy is stored as molecules with high-energy bonds and then used by the cells whenever needed. In addition, it produces the extraordinary thermal
 output the Silabrate needs for the production of Alien Composites.\line \line 
We do not know if Silabrates are the main production agents of Alien Composites or just an alternative production factor. We have concluded that the Aliens may have genetically engineered 
the Silabrate in order to convert various materials into Alien Composites ready for use. The idea of using Silabrates to our own advantage was tempting, but proved impossible to effectuate. Live Silabrates are just too dangerous to be used for production.
 We have tried to insert substances into dead Silabrates, but we did not succeed in stimulating the synthesis procedure. In order to produce Alien Composites, we must utilize our own chemistry methods.\line \line "Chestnuts roasting on a Sila-bra-ate..."
\line - X-Corps Christmas song}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}