{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14175839
\rsid14880562}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title SILABRATE}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min31}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min31}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords577}{\nofchars3178}{\nofcharsws3748}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot14880562\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid14880562 SILABRATE\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Silabrate\line 
\line These creatures are extremely exothermic, capable of causing extreme burns merely by close proximity. The natural carapace of Ali
en Composites protects it from low caliber weapons, and incendiary ammunition is likely to be useless, given its internal temperature. Its innate ability to grow Alien Composites makes this creature, apparently, the Aliens\rquote 
 source of this critical substance.\line \line 
The live specimen recovery of one of these curious creatures has added a new twist to our understanding of Alien biology. Our standard Alien Containment units were inadequate to keep the creature alive; special and immediate modifications to the Alien 
containment facility were required in order to preserve the specimen, and thanks to our engineers' commendable work, we are now able to study these creatures in depth.\line \line 
The stone-like Silabrate is a silicon-based life form, different from any other Alien s
pecies previously encountered. The metabolism of this creature is unique in the annals of science. While silicon biology had previously been theorized, there were numerous practical flaws. Terrestrial life forms oxidize carbon during the respiratory proce
s
s, forming gaseous carbon dioxide. However, when silicon is oxidized, it forms silicon dioxide, a crystalline substance that would seem to prove a major impediment to continued respiration. The Silabrate seems to incorporate the residual silicon dioxide i
nto defensive spikes, literally exhaling short, thick quartz crystals between the plates of its carapace.\line \line 
The carapace may be the most curious item of all. Formed of irregular, overlapping plates of Alien Composites, it was assumed that the organism had be
en surgically altered, like many of the other Alien species had been, and the plates implanted; however, after a section was removed for analysis, the vulnerable area left by the excision was covered by a thin layer of Composites within hours, and a full-
s
ized plate had grown within a few days. It appears that this species is the source of the Alien Composites. The exact method by which the Aliens cause it to grow large enough to be useful is still unknown. Theories run from some fashion of hormonal or men
tal control that causes oversized plates to be produced, to giant Silabrate \lquote queens\rquote 
 with armor plates several meters across. Whatever this method may be, we are currently unable to make good use of the Composites obtained from dead or alive Silabrates.\line \line Th
e Silabrate seems to possess a most rudimentary form of intelligence, the equivalent to that of a terrestrial canine. At first, these creatures seemed to serve no obvious purpose; however, recent evidence leads us to believe that they do, in fact, serve s
ome important purpose; we must find out what is it in order to successfully assess the true danger behind the existence of these creatures.\line \line 
The specimen is exothermic to extremes, averaging a body temperature of 950 degrees Kelvin. The exact method by whic
h this creature maintains such a high temperature is currently unknown. It ingests virtually any substance given to it, only refusing materials with too high a melting point. However, the discovery of a high proportion of depleted Uranium Dioxide and rare
 Beryllium compounds in the creature\rquote s waste, along with the increased background radiation around the specimen, has led to the radical proposition that some form of atomic decay may be the source its heat.\line \line 
Due the extreme heat generated by this organism, it is recommended that our agents avoid close contact. The carapace provides it with exceptional armor, and our incendiary weapons pale in comparison to its own great heat.\line \line \'93
Doc, are you saying that this sucker\'85..is NUCLEAR?\'94 - Pvt. M. McFly}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}