{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8410441\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title SPAWN}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min32}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min32}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords779}{\nofchars4285}{\nofcharsws5054}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8410441\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid8410441 SPAWN\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Spawn\line \line 
This horrible creature is extremely resistant and able to shrug off large amounts of damage due to its naturally ablative chitinous hide.
 Apart from the point of being extremely effective as a biological terror weapon due to its combat abilities, it also has the ability to inject any sufficiently large creature with an extremely fast-acting bacterial infection. This infection rapidly sprea
ds through the host\rquote 
s body, destroying the natural DNA in the cells and replacing it with modified Spawn DNA. This rapid destruction of cells causes the victim to enter into a homicidal berserk rage. After an apparently random period of time, or when the ho
st reaches the point of death, the remnants of the victim\rquote s skin is sundered by an emerging, fully formed Spawn.\line \line 
This Alien monstrosity has several unique features that are not found in any Earth native life form. Due to the combination of features and th
e odd physical makeup of the creature, it is the theory of the Research Division that this creature was created for use as a living biological weapon. The Spawn appears to be of only animal level intelligence, unable to comprehend orders or directions and
 
completely incapable of any level of social interaction. It appears that they are released to run wild and cause as much havoc as possible. Due to lack of an obvious control mechanism, they must either have an instinctual revulsion to the other Alien spec
ies, or the Aliens have means of control of which we are unaware at this time.\line \line 
The Spawn physical makeup appears to be designed to allow it to have the longest possible lifetime in an extremely hostile environment. It is very quick, flexible, and agile, al
lowing agility easily equal to anything on Earth. We have clocked the Spawn running at up to 48,28 km/h for short distances. The chitinous hide plating of the creature gives it a natural ablative covering that tends to break up, redirect, or scatter most 
known forms of projectile or directed energy weapons.\line \line 
The Spawn is also very strong, able to penetrate most known types of armor plating with relative ease. It appears that the creature has thermally sensitive sections in its face plating and at the extrem
ities, which allows it to hunt prey based on thermal triangulation. The claws of the Alien have a very peculiar concave serration; this means that wounds caused by a Spawn attack tend to be very wide and bloody, but not very deep; as it is not in the crea
ture\rquote s interest to kill its victim. This is because of the most dangerous property of the Spawn, its neurotoxicological venom.\line \line The creature\rquote 
s claws are coated with a thin layer of venom that is refreshed whenever the claws retract into the aperture over th
e hands. When attacking prey, the Spawn introduces this neurotoxin into the victim through minor wounds caused by the claws. The venom quickly spreads through the victim\rquote 
s body, where it induces a two-stage transformation. The first stage occurs as the ven
om spreads to the brain. Once there, it induces a homicidal rage and triggers the production of chemicals to radically increase cell production. The victim becomes overwhelmed with a need to destroy members of its own species. It is apparent from the batt
l
e reports of Spawn attacks that victims immediately assume the mindset of a Spawn while the second stage of the poisoning continues. During this stage the poison attacks the bone marrow and lymph system of the victim and alters the DNA structure of new ce
l
ls to a Spawn template. The other chemical markers of the cells are relatively unchanged, thus preventing immune reactions to the new cells. The new Spawn white cells begin attacking the remaining Human cells of the body, while the Alien cells work to rep
lace the losses. This induces a rapidly accelerating physical change in the victim. Within a period of a few minutes, most of the major organs in the victim\rquote s body are undergoing the mutation into Spawn equivalents.\line \line 
The spike in cell production induced by the venom would be very beneficial in medical uses, if a means to separate it from the other effects could be found. Current tests indicate that the increase in cells is so rapid that the victim\rquote 
s blood pressure from the increased volume practically doubles over the course of a minute. This increase in cell mass causes the host\rquote 
s body to rip and split open after a random period of time. The natural cell growth and replication will result in the creation of a new Spawn within minutes, barring outside influences.\line \line 
It has been discovered, however, that the application of heat in any form (including the heat of bullets, lasers, and all other known forms of ranged weapons) causes an exponential increase in the rate of transformation, resulting the completion of t
he transformation cycle in mere seconds.\line \line \'93
It was bad when Pete got hit by the thing. It was worse when he started to attack me, but the scariest part of all was when I put him down, and a brand new monster emerged from his bullet-riddled corpse.\'94 \endash  Pvt. William Marshall}{
\insrsid14175839 
\par }}