{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3823929\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title Spawn Autopsy}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min45}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min45}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords534}{\nofchars2941}
{\nofcharsws3469}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3823929\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3823929\charrsid3823929 Spawn Autopsy}{\insrsid3823929\charrsid3823929 \line 
\line }{\insrsid3823929\charrsid3823929 Our Autopsy Division have completed the autopsy of the Spawn. The specimen got tough skin and bones due to a silicon coating, and it contain deadly bacteria that it injects into it\rquote 
s victims to increase the Alien army by an additional Spawn.}{\insrsid3823929\charrsid3823929 \line \line 
The dead Spawn that X-corps members have recovered during mission, has proven that these specimen are very unique. Its bones have been strengthened by what seems to be a strong silic
on coating, which cover all of the bones in the entire body. Due to the sheer weight of the alloys, the Spawns have grown enormous muscles to be able to control such weight. Any attempts to remove the silicon layer intact have resulted in failure, as it a
p
pear to have grown together with the bones themselves. When our department tried to force the silicon off with high-powered tools, both bone and coating crumbled. The merge between the silicon based coating and the carbon based bones, are the reason for t
his odd strength. And when The Autopsy Department broke the coating off, it weakened instantly. It is highly unlikely that the coating have been put \line \line 
Its skin is also covered in the same kind of coating, although this layer is thinner, and more flexible. T
he different parts of the shell fit perfectly over each other, and are therefore unlikely to have been implanted. Our scientists were very amazed, when they removed the plating and discovered that there was no real skin behind it. This also contributes to
 the theory that the spawns are indeed born with silicon skin and bones, as stripping off the entire skin wouldn\rquote 
t serve any purpose if silicon was to be implanted. The strong silicon shell is acting like a very sophisticated skin, and it does in no way hamper the Spawns body motion.\line \line 
Most of the inner organs are surprisingly fragile, and puncture very easily. Heart, lungs, and the brain, however, are much more robust. The heart is very well developed, and appears to pump blood approximately 4 times faster t
hen humans, which alone will result in amazing speed and manoeuvrability, as the brain will work better. The spawn have a huge almost swollen area of the brain, which appear to be the area of hand-to-eye coordination. \line \line 
But the properly weirdest and most c
hocking thing of the entire Spawn would be the claws. Not only are they razor sharp, but they are also covered in a highly deadly bacteria coating that is injected into its victims wounds: In just a few splits of a second, it has taken over the defences o
f the body, and the brain appear to go into a panic mode. In this trance of kamikaze, the victim will attack their friends, seeming as though they were mad. In such a state victims are, not surprisingly, nicknamed \'93Zombies\'94
, for their characteristic dead look.\line \line It is not the only effect of the bacteria, however. It has been reported in the field, that the unfortunate victims in the \'93Zombie\'94 state, will bust open after a while \endash 
 resulting in a new hostile, battle-ready Spawn. However, as most of the bacteria perish when the Spawn itself dies, we have been unable to research further into this field. It would require a live specimen if we were to intend further investigation. 
\line \line \'93We have had to keep an eye on our Spawn bodies, lately. Apparently, some soldiers have been stealing the claws for use as throwing knives. Normally, this wouldn\rquote 
t be a problem, but the claws tend to go through the walls, injuring anyone on the other side.\'94 ~ Chief of Autopsy Department Jason Morseyear}{\insrsid14175839\charrsid3823929 
\par }}