{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2700226\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title TERROR-DISC}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min34}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min34}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords324}{\nofchars1788}{\nofcharsws2108}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot2700226\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid2700226 TERROR-DISC\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Terror-Disc\line 
\line Despite its organic appearance, this 'creature' is not a true species at all, but rather an artificial mobile weapons platfor
m similar to our own MTC-01C tank design. Built and commanded by members of the Sagisati race (known to us as Greys), the Terror-Disc, or Aerodrone as it is referred to by its masters, is a formidable addition to the Alien ranks.\line \line 
The Aerodrone is a bio-mimetic device based on a common creature on the Greys\rquote 
 home-world. Apparently the Sagisati equivalent of the terran dog is a pack-hunting crustacean capable of floating via internal hydrogen stores. These creatures were used for centuries as beasts of burde
n, guards, hunters and trackers. While the original species has been extinct for several hundred years, the Greys built cybernetic versions of this animal as replacements, keeping the body shape, replicating the flying ability with an on-board antigravity
 
device, and implementing advanced AI controllers with psychotronic control interfaces allowing the Greys to use their powerful psionic abilities to control them. An attempt to replicate the original Aerodrone's pack-hunting mentality was also a success, c
reating the perfect mechanical monster. These mechanisms were most often used to track and capture creatures for their masters' genetic experiments\line \line 
With the arrival of a species they call the 'Tall Ones', and the subsequent co-opting of their civilization,
 the Sagisati adapted their cybernetic servants for war, adding layers of armor, a powerful plasma cannon, and a powerful self-destruct system, designed to inflict horrific damage even when disabled. Their grotesque appearance, combined with their hunting
 programming, makes them perfect weapons of terror to unleash against our civilian population. These strange machines present the greatest threat to our soldiers on the field, and should be eliminated as quickly as possible.\line \line 
"Without the plasma weapons of mass destruction, damage resistant armor plates, and explosive self-destruction device, it almost looks...cute!"\line - Pvt. Jessica Gardner}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}