{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3167520\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title TERROR-DISC AUTOPSY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min30}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min30}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords516}{\nofchars2838}
{\nofcharsws3348}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3167520\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3167520 TERROR-DISC AUTOPSY\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Autopsies/Terror-Disc\line \line The Terror-Disc is surprisingly well armored against small arms fire and shrapnel (such as grenades and high explosive ammunition). Also note that the Terror-Disc\rquote 
s plasma weapon is extremely accurate and that its hovering ability makes it able to take to the air for a better vantage point in combat.\line \line The recovery of a mostly intact Terror-Disc is a significant accompl
ishment for our assault teams. It appears the self-destruct system was damaged during the firefight, limiting the explosion to internal systems, rather than the usual blast radius.\line \line 
While the Terror-Disc bears a striking resemblance to earthly crustaceans,
 it is currently undecided whether this is a purely artificial device designed on bio-mimetic principles, or a once-living creature with extensive mechanical reconstruction. While well over ninety-five percent of the recovered material is clearly artifici
al in origin, trace amounts of organic ash are also present. \line \line 
The outer 'skin' is formed of a thick layer of Alien Composites, providing the Terror-Disc with the ability to withstand significant attacks before being taken down. However, once the external a
rmor has been pierced, the exposed internal equipment is quite fragile. \line \line 
The foremost internals of the Terror-Disc consists primarily of a bewildering array of radar-based sensory nodes, giving this monstrous invention a full 360-degree range of 'vision',
 independent of light levels. The on-board plasma weapon is powered by a small Xenium-122 based generator occupying the rear third of the shell. The resultant plasma is fed to three accelerator channels on the exterior of the skin, each one guiding the ch
arged plasma to the maw at the front of the Terror-Disc for release. The core of the body contains what must be the device that gives the Terror-Disc its flight capability as well as the primary control equipment.\line \line 
Unfortunately, both the Alien hover device
 and the plasma generator were damaged beyond any hope of salvage or understanding. The characteristic explosion from a downed Terror-Disc seems to be specifically designed to focus its energies on the central core and the plasma reactor. It is hypothesiz
ed that the worst of the explosion actually results from the reactor itself losing containment of the recently generated plasma. It is unlikely we could ever recover a Terror-Disc with its core systems intact.\line \line 
While the combination of the Terror-Disc's fli
ght capability and powerful plasma weapon make it a formidable foe, the plasma mechanism itself may be its greatest weakness. Experiments show that the plasma accelerator channels on the edge of the carapace armor are susceptible to our standard armor-pie
r
cing ammunition. A carefully aimed shot can damage the containment surface, causing feedback into the reactor. This usually results in the destruct system triggering prematurely, and any Aliens in the vicinity are just as vulnerable as X-Corp personnel to
 the devastating results.\line \line \'93I\rquote 
m torn between this thing being a robot, or some form of cyborg. Regardless, these things are very dangerous, and should be approached cautiously. Of course, each Terror-Disc is an explosion waiting to happen, especially if it is near a pair of Greys\'85
\'94 \endash Chief Engineer Scott Bernard, reflecting upon the Terror-Disc systems.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}