{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid12080294
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title VENTRICULANT}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min29}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min29}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords429}{\nofchars2363}{\nofcharsws2787}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot12080294\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid12080294 VENTRICULANT\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Ventriculant
\line \line These small, balloon-like creatures constitute a threat belied by their inoffensive appearance. With offensive abilities ba
rely capable of injuring an unarmored agent, and only the most rudimentary of intelligences, these creatures are often ignored during battle in favor of most hostile targets. This leaves them to perform their true objective: devouring any corpses in the v
icinity.\line \line 
In essence, these apparently harmless organisms are a key logistical factor in the Alien life cycle. The acid they spit defensively has a much more important purpose: the digestion of dead flesh for consumption. Like the terrestrial fly, these fet
al monstrosities float from corpse to corpse, regurgitating stomach acids to dissolve dead bodies, and then ingesting the resulting slime for nourishment. However, the feedings of the Ventriculant have a far darker purpose than mere sustenance.\line 
\line The globul
ous flesh of the Ventriculant is primarily undifferentiated tissue, similar to a human fetus only a few weeks old. However, this tissue never differentiates while attached to the parent Ventriculant. Once removed from the parent, this tissue will rapidly 
c
onvert to match the first cells it contacts. It will heal wounds without a scar, regenerate amputated limbs, and even repair or replace internal organs if surgically inserted. If DNA strands rather than fully developed cells are placed in contact with the
 
tissue, an entire clone can be grown. The resulting clone will be the same chronological age as the original DNA donor. This then must be the source of the endless Alien hordes; no matter how many our agents kill, more will always be grown to take their p
lace.\line \line 
The only limit on cloning is the vast amounts of tissue required, approximately 250% of the new entity's final mass. The extra tissue provides nutrition for the clone as it matures. A sterile isolation chamber is required during this process to preve
nt contamination from external DNA. Should a cloning attempt be made without sufficient Ventriculant tissue, the result will always be non-viable. \line \line 
This limitation of tissue mass is a flaw in the Alien plans that must be exploited. Every Ventriculant kill
ed reduces their ability to produce more troops, as inert Ventriculant tissue no longer retains its cloning capabilities. Prevention of Alien resource raids serves the same purpose; without sufficient flesh for the Ventriculant to consume, less flesh can 
be grown for harvesting, and fewer Alien warriors cloned to terrorize our world.\line \line "Sir, I just stepped in something squishy..."\line "Dammit son, we're fighting the enemy here, don't worry about 'squishy'"\line 
"Sir, um, I've just grown another leg..." \line -Conversation between an X-Corps trooper and his lieutenant.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}