{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8089132\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title VIPER AUTOPSY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min30}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min30}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords497}{\nofchars2738}
{\nofcharsws3229}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8089132\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid8089132 VIPER AUTOPSY\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Autopsies/Viper\line 
\line Our dissection of this creature has led to many fascinating revelations. Beneath its tough, scaly skin, the Viper does not have
 myeloid tissue as we understand it. Instead, each major 'muscle' is actually a multi-chambered organ similar to the Human heart. Each ventricle contains a varying amount of thick fluid, and movement is achieved by a natural hydraulic action, with the flu
id being pumped from one chamber of the 'muscle' to another. This hydrodynamic movement is very efficient, giving a Viper great speed and agility.\line \line 
The Viper skeletal structure is significantly less complex than the Human skeleton, containing only 123 bones
. The skull is formed from a single bone, with a large cranial capacity. The jaw is actually composed by two parts, one on each side, with extensive musculature around the venom sacs. The shoulder area contains five bones forming a complex structure of an
c
hors for the shoulder muscle organs. There is no actual joint connecting the arms to the shoulder as in terrestrial vertebrae; instead an interwoven series of muscle organs attaches the bones of the upper arm to the shoulder. This gives the creature the a
m
azing flexibility reported by our operatives on the field. It can also allow a Viper to compress itself significantly, potentially fitting into narrow tunnels or pipes. Another major skeletal difference is the arms, with only a single heavy bone in the lo
w
er arm. All joints in the arm and hand are similar to the shoulder, differing only in size. The spine of the creature consists of over a hundred vertebrae, extending from the base of the skull to end of the tail, with each vertebra supporting a single car
t
ilaginous rib that wraps entirely around the body. The costal structures completely enclose the body for almost the total length. The ribs in the last fifty centimeters of the body do not meet, instead leaving a flexible opening through which the eggs may
 pass.\line \line 
Most of the internal organs of the specimen are analogous to terrestrial vertebrates, with oxygen absorption being handled by a trio of lung-like organs connected to the mouth. The only major difference is in the heart, a meter-long quartet of tubes
 extending from the chest into the tail. Apparently the very movement of the creature pumps its own heart. It seems this Alien would not survive complete unconsciousness for long.\line \line 
The majority of the body and tail is taken up by the reproductive system. A
ll specimens available have contained between forty and fifty eggs in a large protective sack. Quite often, these eggs are expelled from the body during the Alien's death throes. There do not seem to be any gender differences between any of the current sp
e
cimens. Either there is a 'drone' of the species that fertilizes the eggs, or the creatures reproduce asexually. From the number of eggs in each specimen, it seems that this race would be a serious threat to our world should any colonies of the creatures 
allowed to establish themselves.\line \line \'93These things bear an uncanny resemblance to Snakes. I guess it\rquote s not a good time to tell you I have a deathly fear of snakes?\'94 \line \endash 
Medical assistant Simon Brinks, moments before the first Viper autopsy.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}