{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min40}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 VIPER\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Alien/Species/Viper\line \line Vipers are one of the more unsettling of the various invading Alien species. Their eerie similarity to terrestrial rattlesnakes evokes a common fear among all personnel. Indeed, early field reports suggested t
hat this might have been a creature genetically engineered from Earthly fauna, grown to enormous size and grafted with arms. However, these creatures are a completely new Alien species; sentient beings with the remnants of what must have been an amazing cu
lture. Our initial interrogations have given us the name of the Viper home world, Sshi-yii, and a general idea of its location. From the subject's description, we suspect that this world is actually a moon of one of the earliest extra solar planets that ha
ve been discovered. It is known to astronomers as HD-70642 b, orbiting a type G5 star, approximately 29 parsecs from Earth. More detailed information of this world is unknown to us at this point.\line \line The Vipers are a carnivorous species, able to eat only fres
hly killed meat. They appear to be comfortable on land, but prefer shallow water, suggesting a swamp-based origin. In keeping with their generally reptilian appearance, a Viper's body is covered in thousands of pentagonal scales, except for the head. Eleve
n large plates of bone-reinforced scales protect the head itself. These scales provide excellent natural armoring of vital areas, and allow these Aliens to function in a wide variety of conditions. While sentient in its own right, the subject refers consta
ntly to \'93the Master\'94, from whom all its kin take orders. From the context of these statements, we are sure that the subject does not merely refer to its own leaders, but a completely separate species that seems to be directing the Vipers\'92 incursions on our
 planet.\line \line The Viper species reproduces asexually, laying between thirty and fifty softball-sized eggs at a time in a frenzy of ovulation. The eggs are released into a common, water-filled gestational pit, where the soft jelly-like mucus that protects each 
egg can come in contact with another individual\'92s ovum. This contact allows for a transfer of genetic material between the different eggs, resulting in fertilization. Eggs cannot be fertilized by sibling ova. The soft covering requires that the eggs must r
emain immersed in water in their natural state. However, according to our current subject, the Vipers have developed a symbiotic relationship with creatures they call "Achidnas", using thier defensive secretions and providing a protected living enviroment 
in return. When in contact with these venomous secretions, the vulnerable covering of the Viper egg hardens, forming a tough leathery shell. The substance also apparently affects the fetuses to a genetic level, providing them with immunity to the Achidna v
enom. After an extended period of time (unfortunately, we are still unable to accurately translate time measurement), all viable eggs within a birthing pit hatch within brief period, and a feeding frenzy begins amongst the newborns. Out of several hundred 
fertilized eggs, only a dozen or so will survive the birth process. Once the hatching is complete, the birthing pit is opened to the Achidnas, who devour the shells, along with any unhatched eggs. The amniotic fluid clinging to the inner portion of the she
ll fragments contains a number of enzymes required by an Achidna's body to produce its venom.\line \line The Vipers we see today are the remnants of a once great species. Their civilization developed in a swampy temperate zone of Sshi-yii they call Ssth-Kr'th and sp
read across the entire planet. With their innate resistance to adverse conditions they built cities in every climate, from the blazing heat of their tropics, to the frozen poles.\line \line "...Well, it's stupid, it seems like a half-snake half-man to me, why aren't
 we calling it the Snakeman?, ...what the heck do you mean by copyrights?"\line - Jonathan HuntHausen, Research Division, Xenopsychology Department }
\par }