{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red34\green34\blue34;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min38}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf2{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 BARRACKS FACILITY\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base/Facilities/Barracks\line \line As our operations expand, the need for additional personel arises and Barracks Facilities provide the necessary living arrangements. X-Corps recognizes the need for rested and relaxed staff, t
herefore a lot of effort was put into making accomodations as comfortable as possible within the very restrictive space our base design is able to offer.\line \line To ensure undisturbed recreational and relaxation time, the Barracks Facilities' external walls are f
illed with a heat and sound insulating polymer, acting as protection from adverse environmental factors. This, combined with the ergonomic design and built-in recreation facilities, creates a comfortable environment able to house up to 48 people.\line \line Each Bar
acks Facility contains the following elements:\line - A small galley kitchen, allowing the personnel to cook meals for themselves and providing all needed space, equipment and a large variety of edible goods.\line - A disseverable recreation/living room equipped wit
h home cinema equipment and a convertable multi-purpose table allowing usage as dining, pool or ping-pong table.\line - Sleeping accommodations similar to the "capsule hotel" bunk bed design. There are in total 24 soundproof capsules which are occupied in two s
hifts. Each capsule is 1.5m x 1.5m x 3m and contains a comfortable bed, lockers and a thin client with multimedia features and broadband network access allowing for free VoIP calls and internet browsing.\line - A small bathroom for every four bunks.\line - Collapsib
le spaces inside the walls that add to the total storage volume available, where personel can keep their personal items, equipment, devices and medical supplies. In addition, pads and weights are available for the soldiers' daily exercise routine.\line - A larg
e interactive monitor which not only provides information such as schedules or announcements, but also serves as an ultra high definition home theater screen.\line \line Each base that requires resident personnel, such as soldiers, scientists or engineers, must incl
ude at least one Barracks Facility.\line \line "Will you look at that? They even got arcades! Aw, Space Invaders...how cute!"\line - Mark Tryle, Junior Tech }
\par }