{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14175839
\rsid15168525}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title BASE ACCESS FACILITY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr19\min2}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr19\min2}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords283}
{\nofchars1562}{\nofcharsws1842}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot15168525\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15168525 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid15168525 BASE ACCESS FACILITY
\par X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base Facilities/Base Access
\par 
\par When establishing a new base, the construction of a Base Access is the first thing necessary. After that, additional modules can be built. The Base Access is the primary way into or out of an X-Corps' underground base. Therefore it is also a potential ent
ry point for hostile units in case of an attack.
\par 
\par The Base Access provides transportation to the surface via a large hydraulic lift. The lift can be used for heavy equipment and bulk supplies as well as personnel, and is equipped with a back-up power system
 allowing evacuation even when cut off from the main line. 
\par 
\par With X-Corps operating in secrecy, the Base Access is always well-concealed. The lift platform moves up to ground level when fully extended, with the covering bulkhead doors sliding back to the s
ides. Depending on the environment, the bulkheads are painted and fitted with appropriate camouflage - including artificial plants, rocks, or anything else our experts come up with. 
\par 
\par Operation of the lift is controlled exclusively from the inside, with hidden surveillance equipment installed around the Base Access allowing detection and identification of personnel.
\par However, these safety measures will only be of limited use in the case of an attack against the base. The aliens very likely have the means nec
essary to open the bulkhead doors, making the Base Access the most probable point of entry along with the Hangars. In case of an alien attack on one of our bases, it is therefore strongly advised to keep these entry points under guard, preferably by soldi
ers equipped with heavy weaponry.
\par 
\par 
\par "Personnel will not tell the pizza delivery guy to 'leave the food by the secret underground entrance' under any circumstances! Do I make myself clear?" -Sgt. Nathan McDaniel, during recruit orientation.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}