{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6047123\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title GAIA Defense System}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr16\min5}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr16\min5}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords513}{\nofchars2827}
{\nofcharsws3334}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot6047123\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid6047123 GAIA Defense System\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base Facilities/Gaia Defense\line \line As the war continues, our technicians are hard-pressed to find more efficient and effective me
thods of defending our bases. The best way to do this is considered to be shooting down attacking UFOs before they can land and jeopardize the lives and equipment inside our installations. Unfortunately, our current defensive systems are, while effective 
against smaller UFOs, incapable of destroying or incapacitating larger attackers. While examining alien Gravity Distortion Drone technology, we have now developed what we consider the ultimate base defense system.\line \line 
The Gravitational Active Interception Arma
ment (GAIA) Defense Module is a type of gravity distortion technology specially adapted to its use as a stationary surface-to-air weapon. This weapon is capable of hitting and blasting through the hulls of the toughest ships. Even the largest UFOs can be 
brought down with these lethal tools, although it might still take more than one of these modules.\line \line 
The GAIA Defense Module, like the craft weapon we developed using the same technology, is propelled by a gravity field. Unlike the previous gravity distortio
n weapons, however, the field is not generated by the projectile itself. Instead, this is achieved by an array of modified Xenium Reactors supplemented by conventional energy supply. This external energy input through advanced fuel cells and high-charge c
apacitors ensures a minimum Xenium need for the propulsion systems. \line 
Unfortunately, the capacitors cannot always be maintained in a charged state, for technical reasons. This reduces the rate of fire of the Module, because once a UFO has been detected, the 
systems have to be powered up first. Due to the high effectiveness of the GAIA Defense, however, this is considered a fair trade for the minimal Xenium use.\line \line 
The projectile itself is capable of passively re-configuring the gravity field. In effect, it is the principle of the Gravity Distortion Launcher/Drone system turned inside-out.\~
 Because it is several times larger than the GAIA Missile developed as a craft weapon, it accomodates all necessary sensory and computational equipment to ensure a near-perfect target tracking.\line 
The Xenium use of the system is further reduced by the increased physical dimensions of the shell, which allows us to exploit an effect we stumbled upon while trying to optimize the efficiency of Xenium reactions. Instead of destabilising
 an entire Xenium Reactor to create the desired destructive effect, a minute amount of Xenium is placed in a miniature z-pinch device surrounded by high-charge capacitors. The Xenium's gravitational and magnetic effects assist the z-pinch in plasma compre
s
sion, with catastrophic results. Only microseconds after activation of the system, the entire projectile collapses into the conversion reaction, creating a massive plasma surge. While we haven't been able to test it, and are also quite reluctant to do so 
given the chance, computer simulations suggest that this reaction is in fact enhanced in the presence of strong gravity fields such as those created by UFOs' Xenium Reactors.\line \line 
With the GAIA Base Defense Module, we should be able to efficiently defend ourselves against attacking UFOs.\line \line \line "From X-Com, with love."\line - Graffiti found on GAIA Base Defense projectile}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}