{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14100370
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title GRAVITY DEFENSE FACILITY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min36}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min37}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords554}{\nofchars3048}
{\nofcharsws3595}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot14100370\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid14100370 GRAVITY DEFENSE FACILITY\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base/Facilities/Gravity Defense\line \line During the research and testing of the large gravity engines of the XC-33 Vengeance, our scientists made a
 startling discovery. They found that the large engines were able to control gravity waves for an incredible distance, greater than ever believed possible. The Vengeance\rquote 
s engines were capable of generating and controlling a gravity field several kilometer
s away from the craft, with no known limit. In theory, a large enough land-based Xenium-based engine could control gravity around an X-Corps facility, and protect it from attack.\line \line 
The "Grav shield", as it's come to be called, was originally proposed to protect X-Corps facilities from possible Alien bombardment. Research into the incredible materials at the Aliens\rquote 
 disposal has cast a dark shadow over the safety of our underground facilities. If the Aliens were to attempt to make use of a Xenium bomb, they c
ould theoretically create explosions with power greater than that of a Hydrogen bomb. Our underground facilities would not be able to hold against such an attack. The original Grav shield design would deflect these "fusion bombs", and use gravity waves to
 
keep the base integrity intact. However, research into this design was put on hold, as testing has shown that an extremely powerful field would be required to repel a device of any size, and creating such a complicated and massive device was completely be
yond our reach.\line \line 
This has led to a redesign of the Grav shield. A gigantic specialized gravity engine is constructed within a 100m2 facility. It is capable of generating a very powerful and very extensive gravity disturbance, resulting in a minimal net grav
ity, which is directed at the incoming target. This field interferes with the Alien propulsion systems, causing them to produce a fraction of their power. As well, considerable pilot control and engine resources are required to resist the powerful gravita
t
ional forces; this reduces the incoming target's speed logarithmically, slowing it to a fraction of its initial speed. This will allow our slower base defenses to fire at the target with a vastly increased chance to hit, and will allow ample time to rearm
 the defenses to fire a second time. The intelligent targeting computers lock out undesirable targets for these gravity waves, such as rural areas, or the center of an X-Corps facility.\line \line 
Unfortunately, controlling such a large engine and keeping it stable s
tretches the limits of even the best of our Xenium-based engines. The effect of having extra Grav shield facilities active would be catastrophic, as the gravity wave interference that two engines would cause to each other will make them impossible to cont
r
ol. The result would send uncontrollable and extremely destructive gravity waves everywhere, capable of crushing an X-Corps base. We have built in internal failsafe devices to shut down the field as soon as the second wave of defenses are fired, but be ad
vised, that only one Grav shield facility can be safely active within an X-Corps base.\line \line 
As a side note, the tidal forces of the field also cause considerable water condensation in the air. This has led independent contractors of the funding nations to pursue possible weather control technologies using this device.\line \line 
"Y@u know, I h#@rd that #$^@US gove@$2^nt is testing out weather control devices... I m#%n, people are saying that some p/*ces have been having some really weird rain $#@wers that come right out of nowher--"\line --User DKnight #@s been disc0nnected--
\line Excerpt from retrieved deleted IRC Log}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}