{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang3082\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe3082\hich\f0\fs24\lang3082\loch\f0\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min41}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang3082\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 LANDING PAD\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base/Facilities/Landing Pad\line \line Our landing pads have been designed to allow versatile storage of all our aircraft. Regular maintenance and combat repairs can be carried out in this 900m2 facility using the integrated maintenan
ce bay. Flooring grills are used throughout the facility to aid in cleanup; oils and other waste fluids are collected and filtered for proper disposal. Standard refueling procedures are carried out using shielded fuel storage tanks, allowing us to top off 
an aircraft without fear of fuel leaks and explosions. In addition to a reinforced outer casing, each tank has a flexible Kevlar internal bladder with fire retardant gel between the bladder and the outer casing. \line \line Each landing pad includes a scissor lift p
latform to raise aircraft to the surface for external take off and landings. While it is possible for our top pilots to perform VTOLs from within the facility, this is considered an excessive risk and could be impossible for a damaged aircraft. The lift is
 operated by hydraulic presses located under the facility floor, and a ratcheted safety joint in the scissors keeps the ramp from falling in case of total hydraulic failure. The hangar roof is leveled with the landing pad on the surface, and retracts along
 the facility ceiling using recessed tracks. At full extension the lift is flush with the surface and does not damage the landing gear during take off and landing. The landing pad's external doors consist of reinforced concrete, and are surface camouflaged
 to match the surrounding area. While capable of supporting a significant amount of weight, these doors might be a potential weak point in our bases\'92 defense. Once the lift is flush with the surface, the aircraft can follow standard take-off procedures, us
ing VTOL or a built-in catapult launcher from the surface.\line \line Note: Due to recent hazing of recruits, infrared sensors have been installed along the edge of the lift platform and aimed at the ceiling to detect any objects hanging off the edge of the lift and
 stop its ascent. This is to prevent possible equipment damage or amputation as the lift reaches surface level. Personnel must clear the lift prior to activation.\line \line \'93It's pretty high up here, Jackson! I can hardly see you down there. Hey, stop the lift befo
re it reaches the top; the bay doors are still closed! Stop kidding around, this isn't funny!" Private Josh Maxwell, newly initiated. }
\par }