{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1396781\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title [LASER DEFENSE FACILITY]}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min45}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min45}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords506}{\nofchars2785}
{\nofcharsws3285}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1396781\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid1396781 [LASER DEFENSE FACILITY]\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base/Facilities/[Laser Defense Facility]\line \line As this war unfolds, it has become increasingly apparent that even state-of-the-art conventional 
weapons are only having a limited effect against Alien technology. The recent razing of the Cheyenne Mountain NORAD Headquarters by an Alien pre-emptive strike undeniably demonstrates this conclusion. NORAD military bases are considered to be among the be
s
t-defended installations on Earth, and their headquarters had been considered a veritable fortress. This further stresses the fact that conventional defense systems are proving less and less effective against the Alien menace; should the invaders shift to
 a fully offensive posture, we would surely find our bases woefully deficient in defensive firepower. Fortunately, recent developments in laser technology have given us a }{\cf2\insrsid1396781 more effective}{\insrsid1396781  base defense facility }{
\cf2\insrsid1396781 that offers greater protection than}{\insrsid1396781  our previous [Missile Defense Facility].\line \line 
Having overcome recent overcharge and focus problems, the Research Division has provided us with blueprints for the construction of a laser-based Aerial Defense and Countermeasure mechanism. Double laser cannons mounted upon a 
modified GP-02 turret platform allow full 360-degree rotation within 0.3 seconds and precision tracking, creating the basis for the [Tri-Phase Laser Defense Facility]. \line \line 
The [Tri-Phase Laser Defense Facility]'s dual cannons are each powered by a single Pri
mary Discharge Capacitor and three secondary capacitors. Once the firing procedure commences, the continually charging secondary capacitors sequentially discharge their stored energies to the primary capacitor. This sequential three-phase release of energ
i
es prevents overloading the Primary Discharge Capacitor and gives the laser its "Tri-Phase" moniker. The influx of energy into the lasing matrix causes the material to generate monochromatic light which is then concentrated and released as twin beams alon
g the correct vector.\line \line }{\cf12\insrsid1396781 The platform is also equipped with three }{\cf2\insrsid1396781 constant}{\cf12\insrsid1396781 
 low-power tracking lasers. Once the operator locks them onto the enemy, they form a triangular path designed to keep the target in the destructive path of the primary laser beams for a
s long as possible, thereby greatly increasing accuracy and damage potential.}{\insrsid1396781 \line \line This two-story facility was designed to provide maximum speed and security.\~
 The shielded command room lies on one end of the ground floor, and its reinforced walls offer some security for its occupants.\~
 The main weapon platform and laser turret rest on one side of the central foundation, confined within its own blast-proof enclosure opposite that of the command room: a safety precaution in case they come under attack from hostile aircraft.\~
 A small corridor separating these two rooms doubles as a supply area and buffer zone in case the cannon room is breached.\~ The basement houses the weapons' foundation and heavy machinery- the power generators, cooling equipment, and targeting
 computers- and a lift along the outer wall provides access to the cannon room on the floor above.\line \line }{\cf12\insrsid1396781 "gee wiz H. Christ! I'd a-thought th'sumbitch was gonna soun' like su'm out-a Star Wars. Who'd a-thought a big friggin
\rquote  laser'd go "CLACK"! - Corporal Beau Hicks at test firing of prototype.}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}