{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2780379\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title Long Range Neudar Facility}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min39}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min39}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords541}
{\nofchars2981}{\nofcharsws3515}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot2780379\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid2780379 Long Range Neudar Facility\line \line 
The Long Range NEUDAR is a recently developed larger and more advanced version of the Short Range Neudar that has both better detec
tion range and detection rate through the use of CCDs and an advanced supercomputer. Multiple NEUDARs can improve the detection rate of UFOs that are within range. We recommend that at least one Long Range NEUDAR be built at every base.\line \line 
When the pro
totype NEUDAR system was first activated, it immediately detected dozens of UFOs in the surrounding areas. However, scrambled fighters from nearby airbases did not encouter any unidentified crafts at any of the reported locations. Upon investigation, it w
a
s discovered that many of the false readings were caused by the background radiation. While an algorithim later was developed to filter out the background radiation, there was still enough static to limit the range of the NEUDAR system. In an effort to in
crease detection range, developement of a long range neutrino detection array was initiated.\line \line 
The result of the project, the Long Range NEUDAR, not only fulfilled the requirement of better detection range, but also had better rate of detection. However, due
 to the fact that the Long Range NEUDAR required an extremely long time to setup compared to the Short Range NEUDAR, it was deemed that Short Range NEUDARs were necessary as to provide new bases with the ability to provide NEUDAR coverage while the long r
ange version is under construction.\line \line 
The Long Range Neutrino Detection Array (NEUDAR), like the Short Range NEUDAR, consists of three large, underground tanks filled with pure water. However, these three tanks are twenty percent larger than their counterpar
ts in the smaller NUEDAR and use an extremely sensitive layer of Charged-Couple Devices (CCDs) that enable the large Neudar to collect very precise data regarding the neutrinos that it detects. This, combined with the use of the new HELIX III supercompute
r
 and advanced filtering algorithms, provides the Long Range NUEDAR the ability to reduce the effects of background radiation interference, enabling the detection of UFOs outside the range of the Short Range NEUDAR. The processing power of the HELIX III su
percomputer also reduces the time required to triangulate a neutrino source, increasing the rate at which neutrino sources can be pinpoint and verified.\line \line 
Unfortunately, the CCDs used in the construction of the detector tanks are not only much more expensive
 than the light sensors used in the smaller NEUDAR, they also have a tendency to burn out. As such, they have to be replaced regularly, resulting in higher maintenance costs. The use of a HELIX III supercomputer also adds considerably to the expense of th
e Long Range NEUDAR system. Nevertheless, the detection rates and range of the larger system means that it is well worth the extra cost and time required to build it.\line \line 
The construction of additional NEUDARs can increase the sensitivity of the entire network
 as a whole as well as speed up the triangulation of the source. This is because the addition of tanks not only increases the chances of detecting a neutrino burst, but also provides additional directional data not only for use in the calculation of the s
ource, but also as a source of data verification.\line \line 
Due to the fact that NEUDARs are located underground and are based on passive detection, they prove to be undetectable to external sources. This is a valuable asset as it will prevent the alien invaders from locating o}{\insrsid2780379 ur bases with ease.
\line \line [Fluff]}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}