{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5797667\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title MISSILE DEFENSE ARRAY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr19\min3}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr19\min3}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords446}
{\nofchars2456}{\nofcharsws2897}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5797667\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid5797667 MISSILE DEFENSE ARRAY\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base Facilities/MissileDefenseArray\line \line The vulnerability of X-Corps bases to an assault has always been a major concern and the Missile Defense Array was conceived as an initial protection measure. If our activity is
 discovered to be sufficiently succesful in fulfilling our goals, it is likely that our bases would become prime targets for retaliatory strikes.\line \line 
X-Corps engineers have improved on existing missile defense technologies to bring about the advanced Missile 
Defense Array based on the veteran 'Rapier' SAM system, currently used by major world military organizations. While Missile Defense Array is the first facility to be employed in our active defense strategy, unfortunately, our initial knowledge do not allo
w us to effectively estimate the possibility of an succesful attack on our bases. Thus, increasing the number of defensive weapons through construction of multiple defense facilites can improve our ability to repel such assaults.\line \line 
The Missile Defense Array 
is relatively fast to construct, cheap to install and maintain and provides some security against an invasion. The facility is build on a square area with the length of 15 meters and it contains a control room connected to an accurate, though very short-r
ange, microwave radar, two rotatory missile racks, each containing 8 ready-to-launch 'Rapier' missiles, and storage for a generous supply of missiles delivered through an automatic loading system. \line \line 
In case of an impending assault, the roof quickly slides b
ack to allow lifting of the rotatory racks, which start locking on the incoming targets with the help of an array of continuous low power lasers. Inside the control room, protected by steel blast doors, our defensive operators can remotely assist by adjus
t
ing the missile trajectories when the tracking devices alone are unable to lock onto difficult targets due to excessive speeds or unusual emissions spectra. Microwave radar signals are continually analyzed by photomolecular supercomputers, enabling fast a
ccess to vital information about the target- its shape, size, and velocity- all with a precision of mere centimeters, giving our defenses a significant boost in accuracy. \line \line 
While Missile Defense Array design may later be improved upon with newer technologies, this facility is our first active defense against enemy assaults. Additionally, it instills a relative sense of security among base inhabitants.\line \line 
"...Flight 372 was shot down by unknown terrorist groups today. So far there has been no reports of any sur
vivors. Missile fragments were found at the crash site, but so far we have been unable to contact any witnesses for clarification and confirmation..."\line - Excerpt from news report\line 
"Section Chiefs are to ensure that all defensive systems are set to standby before initiating any base invasion drills."\line - Excerpt from memo regarding Incident 372}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}