{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\aspalpha\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe3082\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\aspalpha\rtlch\af8\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\aspalpha\rtlch\af7\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\s7\sb120\sa120\aspalpha\rtlch\af8\afs20\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext7 caption;}
{\s8\aspalpha\rtlch\af8\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext8 Index;}
{\*\cs10\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe3082\hich\fs24\lang3082\loch\fs24\lang3082 Default Paragraph Font;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy27\hr17\min41}{\revtim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab708
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1701\margrsxn1701\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\aspalpha\rtlch\af3\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe3082\hich\f3\fs20\lang1033\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 Neural Shielding Facility\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base Facilities/Neural Shielding Facility\line \line With recent advances in psionic technology, a vast array of new applications is becoming available. The latest of these is the Neural Shielding Facility, designed in r
esponse to the frightening realization that Aliens may possess the ability to pinpoint the location of our bases by thought patterns alone.\line \line Contemporary investigation in the field of psionics has uncovered the sophistication of the Aliens' methods: to a d
egree, they appear to be able to determine the content of human thought patterns over a distance of a few hundred kilometers. X-Corps bases, even with relatively few people, can be detected, perhaps through some typical brain-waves involuntarily induced by
 X-Corps basic training, or by the fact that all personnel exude defiance towards the Alien incursion instead of the usual terror exhibited by civilian populations. After identifying this gaping hole in X-Corps base security, we re-examined our previous re
search into Psionic Theory for a technique to mask these waves.\line \line The newly developed Neural Shielding Facility harnesses a large array of subunits containing the same special enzymes found in the Psionic Amplifier to establish a cancellation grid. Although
 it does not block brain-waves entirely, as the name implies, it dampens them through destructive interference. This facility consists of two large circular elements coupled to a supercomputer utilizing a network of highly specialized surface acoustic wave
 chips. The lower component is a sensory array which receives the psionic waves propagating from within its detection limit. After analysis, the upper part subsequently emits a cancelling waveform, greatly reducing the original signal's amplitude. Due to i
ts enormous power consumption, the facility is equipped with an energy system located in the lower floor of the module. According to our calculations, masking the Psionic footprint of our bases should significantly decrease the probability of detection by 
enemy forces.\line \line Supplemental energy requirements and complexity of the psionic transceiver are the primary reasons for the significant cost of building the Neural Shielding Facility. At the same time, the delicate technology involved requires constant techn
ical service, resulting in high maintenance costs. The tactical advantage of secrecy cannot be taken lightly as remaining concealed from Alien forces reduces the likelihood of costly base attacks. Due to the enormous energy and maintenance costs, building 
more than one shielding facility would not be cost efficient. In addition, there would be no appreciable change in the machine's overall effectiveness.\line \line "This device, when activated, reduces the apparent brainwave output of a fully staffed X-Corps base to 
that of a typical politician."\line -from "Neural Shielding Facility Operating Manual" }
\par }