{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5710631\rsid8598126
\rsid13108470\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title Psionic Training Facility}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min45}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min46}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}
{\nofwords563}{\nofchars3100}{\nofcharsws3656}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot13108470\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid5710631 PSIONIC TRAINING FACILITY}{\insrsid13108470 \line X-Net://}{
\insrsid13108470 Pegasus.Net/Facilities/Psionic Training Facility}{\insrsid13108470 \line \line Since the early 30\'b4s scientists have
 been working on the evaluation of psionic ability in humans. Experiments into this field resulted in varying outcomes, which either rejected the theory as non-rational or promoted it as a "yet unknown scientific issue", but none were successful enough to
 
condone additional funding to the field. Only after the alien encounter we had solid proof to support the existence of this power. After close examination of certain captured alien beings, interestingly we observed that only Cloaks and high ranking Greys 
a
re able to make extensive use of their powers, which led us to the identification of an enzyme only produced by these individuals. It is not clear why only high-ranking Greys are able to produce this enzyme, but we suspect a genetic altering by another sp
e
cies that has been performed specifically on these individuals, as the controlling species might fear a loss of control could occur if every alien was capable of using psionic powers. In addition to this, it is highly likable, that only those with superio
r intelligence and natural psionic talent are chosen to be modified.\line \line 
However, the enzyme resonating to neural activity and amplifying brain waves allows these Aliens to create a strong psionic field, and project it onto an intelligent target. It seems that
, though humans possess the ability to create weak psionic fields, compared to those the Aliens create, a profound training of the soldier\rquote s ability to concentrate, especially over longer periods, is crucial for effective use.\line \line The }{
\insrsid13108470 Psionic Training Facility}{\insrsid13108470  conta
ins ten small compartments with several devices allowing an effective training of the soldiers. The heart of each training unit is a device named as psionic projector, which is using the alien enzyme to create a psionic field, forcing the trainees brain t
o
 constantly deal with changing influences, while his task is to rapidly adapt his own psionic output to a given pattern countering such an influence, training the soldiers ability to "formulate" his thoughts, thus not only raising his experience with his 
p
si powers but also ensuring his possibility to use them even in highly stressing field situations. To strengthen the candidate's ability to focus on a certain task, new computer programs have been written which constantly monitor the users brain activity 
d
uring the completion of the above mentioned, and other focus improving tasks, allowing himself and his supervisor to observe the current state of the training and to modify the exercise routine as necessary. A newly developed brain interface device reads 
the original brainwaves via head mounted electrodes, thus allowing the interpretation not only of the waves which are developed via the soldiers psionic field, but of the intended effect and \endash 
 interfacing with the Psionic Projector "reinject" the waves into the applicants brain, allowing it to perform a sub cognitional comparison between the desired and the resulting "output".\line \line 
In addition to this, extensive psychological sessions are performed since we could confirm numerous personal problems like massive f
ear, adjustment disorders, depression, self chosen isolation, hallucinations, paranoia, various cases of schizophrenia and suicide attempts,\~
 evolving from excessive use of psionic powers. It seems that, for the untrained brain, confrontation with extrasensory perception has a devastating effect.\line \line "Me? No I\rquote m no splitted personality! Me neither!"\line 
- Protocol of psychological analysis of volunteer Capt. John Trondsen after 14 hours of excessive psionic training}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}