{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid12721598
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min39}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr23\min40}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords534}{\nofchars2937}{\nofcharsws3465}
{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot12721598\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid12721598 \line 
The Short Range NEUDAR is a neutrino based detection system that currently is the only method of detecting UFOs
 reliably. X-Corps is the first military force to implement the use of NEUDARs, and as such, is the only combat force with the ability to effectively detect and counter the alien invaders.\line \line <insert Fluffie!>\line \line 
Records have shown that UFOs have means of evad
ing detection by conventional radars, probrably due to the materials and construction of the alien crafts. As result, when the UFO incursions increased both in hostility as well as frequency, it proved important to develop an effective means of detection.
\line \line 
During a documented UFO sighting in Japan, the Kamiokande II neutrino detector recorded an unprecedented increase in neutrino detection and when the scientists calculated the source of the neutrinos, they discovered that the source corresponded with the p
osition of the UFO. Futher research into this phenomena revealed that many neutrino detectors recorded increased rates of neutrino detection during time periods that corresponded with a roughly quarter of all UFO sightings reported. This immediately trigg
ered a renewed interest in the development of a neutrino detection array, this time specifically designed to triangulate and track UFOs.\line \line 
The Short Range Neutrino Detection Array(NEUDAR) consists of three large underground tanks filled with pure water and l
ined with extremely sensitive light sensors. When highly charged neutrinos enter the individual tanks, they give of bursts of lights in a cone. By detecting the cones of light, the direction from which the neutrinos originated from can then be calculated 
b
y a cluster of computer. Then, by combining data from the three tanks, the position of the source can then be triangulated. While there is no maximum range at which neutrinos can be detected, the number of neutrinos from any one source that can be detecte
d by the NEUDAR decreases exponentially as the distance increases. As such, the NEUDAR system is limited by the range at which neutrino emitted by UFOs fade into the background radiation.\line \line 
A smaller variation of the neutrino detector, designed with a alumin
ium oxide orb six inches in diameter encapsulated with photosensitive CCD was developed for use with aircrafts and missles inorder to detect and intercept UFOs. While less sensitive and accurate than ground based NUEDARs, the ALOX based system, when combi
ned with Foward-Looking InfraRed(FLIR) cameras, provide our aircrafts with the ability to track the alien crafts.\line \line 
The construction of additional NEUDARs can increase the sensitivity of the entire NEUDAR network as a whole as well as speed up the triangulat
ion of the source. This is because the addition of tanks not only increases the chances of detecting a neutrino burst, but also provide additional directional data besides being used to the calculation of the source, but also as a source of data verificat
ion.\line \line 
Due to the fact that NEUDARs are located underground and are based on passive detection, they prove to be undetectable to external sources. This is a valuble asset as it will prevent the alien invaders from locating our bases with ease. A design for l
arge NEUDARs has been completed recently and has both improved detection rates as well as increased detection range.\line \line "That many neutrino detectors detected increased rates of neutrino detector.. detraction.. detracted.. ARGH!"\line 
- Tounge-tied scientist during Xenocide Technical Briefing}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}