{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14175839
\rsid15205114}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title TACHYON EMISSIONS DETECTOR}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min36}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min36}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords697}{\nofchars3836}
{\nofcharsws4524}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot15205114\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid15205114 TACHYON EMISSIONS DETECTOR\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base/Facilities/Tachyon Emissions Detector\line \line We have long suspected that the Aliens used tachyon-based communications. Unfortunately, due 
to the faster than light nature of tachyons, we were unable to design detection systems that triangulate the positions of the UFOs based on their communications. However, with data recently obtained by Section 9 (Interrogations), we are now capable of dec
oding their transmissions. Nevertheless, due to difficulty to understand the Aliens\rquote  language, we can only obtain data regarding the speed, heading, and type of UFO, as well as the race of the crew and their mission profile.\line \line \'94
Rule 69: The Tachyon Emissions Detector is not to be used to send text messages to the Aliens.\'94\line - Excerpt from \lquote 100 things Tommy can\rquote t do in X-Corps\rquote \line \line 
Generally, tachyon emitters as well as receivers are a standard part of all designs, from the various scouts to the larger classes of U
FOs. Interestingly, the tachyon emitters are not only connected to the communications console, but are also intricately linked to the navigation and propulsion systems, and in the larger classes of UFOs, overbuilt for the task of communications.\line 
\line Tachyons 
have been theorized to be the possible carriers for Faster-Than-Light (FTL), or truly instantaneous, communications. Unfortunately, that which makes it so attractive for FTL communications also makes it hard to use, that is to say, technology to detect ta
chyons at FTL speeds have so far eluded researchers.\line \line 
However, the Alien invaders not only brought their advanced weapon technology to our planet, but also their tachyon based FTL communications system. Unfortunately, despite the fact that the tachyon detec
tion system can easily be replicated using Human technology now that our researchers have had a chance to reverse engineer a recovered comms system, the understanding of the Aliens transmissions proved otherwise.\line \line 
Due to its very nature, tachyon-based comm
unication systems are also heavily quantum-based, and as a result, have built-in quantum encryption. The tachyon emissions are generated by using a series of quantum particles, and in order to receive the transmissions, the exact states of all the quantum
 
particles used in the emitter must be known before hand. Due to the ability of a single quantum particle to exist in eight states simultaneously, as well as not knowing the exact number of quantum particles used by the Aliens when they transmit, have left
 us with a very cheap, very easy to reproduce and very high tech, faster than light radio, with nothing to listen to.\line \line 
Fortunately, recent intelligence obtained by Section 9 of the X-Corps Research Division has provided us to the key to intercepting Alien t
ransmissions. Unfortunately, partially due to the fact that the Aliens do not use a common language, efforts by our best linguists have so far been unable to translate their transmissions. The fact that they do not use a common language lead us to suspect
 
that there may be a telepathic part to the transmissions, and even though it is tempting to uncover and implement that as well, the risks of unintentionally revealing ourselves outnumber the advantages of understanding the Aliens. However, based on the la
nguage used, we are able to identify the species of the UFO's crew. Also, we have been able to decode information from the header of the transmissions which contain data regarding the type of UFO, its position and heading, as well as mission profile.
\line \line Never
theless, there is still one piece of the puzzle still missing. The fact that the tachyon emitters are closely linked to the navigation and propulsion systems is far more complex than needs to be, yet even with the tachyon emitters removed, both navigation
s
 and propulsions systems still function without any sort of instability. As such, we suspect that the tachyon emitters may only be needed for some sort of functions that do not occur during normal flight. This combined with the fact that it is the Navigat
or Aliens that have the detailed knowledge required to use the tachyon communications system hint that the tachyon emitters may very well play a role in the Aliens\rquote 
 supposed FTL travel capability. Unfortunately, we currently do not have enough detailed information on hand to do more than speculate.\line \line 
"You telling me that those professor types down in the labs managed to develop a 56 terabytes per second modem? Great! That means I can download all the porn I could ever want off the Net!"\line - Recruit Gonzales}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}