{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3947268\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title ALIEN CONTAINMENT FACILITY}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min42}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\min42}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords433}{\nofchars2384}
{\nofcharsws2812}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3947268\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid3947268 ALIEN CONTAINMENT FACILITY\line 
X-Net://Pegasus.net/Base/Facilities/Alien Containment Facility\line \line 
Initial observations of Alien creatures conducted by military operatives point to the fact that these beings possess very different physiologies among themselves, and very different fro
m ours as well. Standard brigs are highly inadequate to maintain the extraterrestrials alive. It has become apparent that we need a new kind of prison; one that can effectively contain all kinds of life forms while being able to manipulate the internal en
vironment. \line To this end, we have designed the MK III "Alkatraz" Containment Chamber which improved on previous designs that did not account for proper atmospheric conditions or provide effective containment for certain Alien species.\line \line 
Each Alkatraz chamber has 0.5m thick concrete walls that are reinforced with electromagnetic conductors and barriers that severely disrupt any form of known perception and can withstand several tons of force.\line 
The advanced configuration of the environmental control allows us to 
create any kind of atmosphere/pressure that we need. Usually the environment is modified in such a way as to keep the specimen in a sedated condition. We can, however, modify it to become lethal, as a security measure.\line 
The chamber also sports advanced automated security and surveillance measures that monitor the specimen within and have very delicate warning procedures that are triggered automatically over any sudden change in behavior.\line 
The airlock-style doors are made from totally secure materials and can 
only open with a combination of codes and keycards. Three unauthorized tries for access or a breach in the chamber walls result in the instant termination of the contained specimen and activation of base alarms.\line 
Finally, the cell is equipped with a small backup generator system to power the security systems.\line \line The Alien Containment Facility includes 10 Alkatraz chambers, as well as a surveillance room.\line 
We feel confident that the Aliens we capture in the field will stay securely within our care.\line \line \line "What happe
ned to the two previous designs? Well, after 4 Aliens had slowly suffocated in their cells we started to get the hint. We scrapped the MK I, studied some Alien physiology and installed some pretty smart environmental manipulators, to make them feel at hom
e and all...\line 
Well, it proved a bit too comfortable it seems. The Research Department at the Roswell base was totally wrecked when their captive woke up and I personally saw two guards commit suicide in front of my eyes before I caught on. The bastard was st
ill grinning when I blew his brains out.\line Obviously the MK II needed some heavy security adjustments...and a new paint job, that\rquote s when I came here." - Yohan Jarlsdottir, former Director of Security and Alien Containment of Roswell base.}{
\insrsid14175839 
\par }}