{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8134272\rsid8598126
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title GAIA Missile}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr16\min14}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr16\min15}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords485}{\nofchars2673}
{\nofcharsws3152}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8134272\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8134272 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid8134272 GAIA Missile
\par X-Net://Pegasus.net/Armaments/GAIA Missile
\par 
\par Using insights gained from analyzing the alien Gravity Distortion Drone weapon system, we have been able to create a similar, yet more powerful weapon system for use in our craft. The system uses the same inverted-gravity field technology as the GDD, but 
t
he gravity distortion system has been integrated into the projectile itself, allowing in-flight course correction. We have therefore dubbed it "Gravitational Active Interception Armament" or GAIA. In effect, the GAIA missiles are autonomous self-propelled
 fire-and-forget weapons, not unlike cruise missiles, but with the speed and maneuverability of a UFO.
\par 
\par The GAIA Launcher features a sensor array especially designed to extrapolate the direction and speed changes of a moving UFO by monitoring its engine out
put. The information about target heading and projected position is relayed to the GAIA missile, which then changes its own trajectory accordingly, increasing the chances of hitting a UFO executing evasive maneuvers. 
\par Early prototype simulations with an in
tegrated warhead sensor system revealed a serious limitation in target identification subroutines at high relative velocities, one which occasionally caused GAIA missiles to loop back and attack the launching craft.  As a result, the sensor system was inc
orporated into the launcher. This semi-autonomous system has proven to be most effective.
\par 
\par The "warhead" of a GAIA missile is, just like in a GDD, the engine itself. By de-stabilizing the Gravity-Distortion systems, a large part of the contained energies is
 converted into devastating gravitational shear stress, while the rest dissipates in a plasma explosion.
\par 
\par Compared to the GDD, a more powerful design of the Xenium engine was developed to allow greater range and higher speeds. This consequently results in 
a much higher energy output when melting down the reactor core, substantially increasing the damage inflicted.
\par The destructive force unleashed by a single GAIA missile is enough to seriously damage medium-to-large UFOs and often entirely destroy small ones.
\par 
\par With this weapon we have a destructive tool at hand that approaches 100% accuracy and delivers enough damage to down or destroy most UFOs. The range of this weapon system is phenomenal, and outclasses that of every other craft weapon system at our dispo
sal.
\par There are drawbacks, however: Because of the intricate technology involved, the GAIA Launcher as well as the GAIA missiles are expensive in construction. The GAIA missiles also require Xenium for production, and because of their weight and bulk, the a
mmunition capacity of the GAIA launcher is very limited.
\par 
\par 
\par "When we had finished the design concept, and the techies had come up with this acronym, we tried at first to find a better name, but everything the guys came up with was weird stuff like "Excalibu
r Cannon" or "Hades Cannon". Someone even suggested "Bolter Cannon". Eventually, the techies decided to keep the acronym. I thought, what the heck, as long as they keep producing neat stuff like this, they can have their way with the names..."
\par - R&D Chief L. E. Arza, to X-Corps Pilot}{\insrsid14175839 
\par }}