{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f148\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f149\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f151\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f152\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f153\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f154\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f155\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f156\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f508\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f509\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f511\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f512\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f515\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f516\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid14175839
\rsid16585165}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title [LASER CANNON]}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min52}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr22\min52}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords331}{\nofchars1825}
{\nofcharsws2152}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot16585165\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid16585165 [LASER CANNON]\line X-Net://Pegasus.net/Armament/Laser Cannon\line 
\line Despite the successful application of our standard sub weaponry like the "Titan" and the "Sidewinder" missile systems or the Cannon, there are still major drawbacks and limitations in their us
age. The cannon is extremely short-ranged and inaccurate, rendering it effective only against small UFOs. Also, both standard missile systems have inadequate fire rates and can carry very few bulky and expensive missiles, which swamp the available storage
 space.\line \line 
With the development of increasingly more powerful laser weaponry, our scientists realized that laser systems have become effective enough to be practical in aerial combat due to their superb armor piercing capabilities. A strong laser-based weapon
 would have more shots than a cannon and be as powerful and accurate as a Sidewinder, without the need for any guidance systems. \line "It's like shooting fish in a barrel compared to the old cannon system" -veteran pilot Jim Lumbeck.\line \line 
The beam dispersion is vi
rtually negligible for distances involved in firing X-Corps infantry laser weapons on the battlefield. In the larger craft-mounted version, the laser beam must propagate a far longer distance, and any minute focal imperfections would scatter its energy lo
n
g before it reaches the target. By using additional focusing diamond lenses in our craft-mounted laser cannons, however, the beam dispersion is minimized so efficiently that its deviation is still within five centimeters for targets as far as 21 kilometer
s.\line \line 
The laser cannon is powered by an array of high-performance capacitors which are charged in X-Corps bases prior to each mission. The efficacy of the Laser Cannon was thoroughly tested in field trials, when it was able to burn 10 centimeter holes through
 15 centimeter steel plates with only a 40 milisecond burst, and by extending the length of the burst, holes up to half a meter deep.\line \line 
"First they make a laser more powerful than my gun, then they tell me I can't use it, what's the deal with that anyway?" \endash Private Sam Dodge trying to convince his superiors he's strong enough to carry a laser cannon on the battlefield}{
\insrsid14175839 
\par }}