{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3082\deflangfe3082{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8598126\rsid10768727
\rsid14175839}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title PLASMA CANNON}{\author Laino}{\operator Laino}{\creatim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr16\min43}{\revtim\yr2005\mo10\dy22\hr16\min43}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords594}{\nofchars3271}
{\nofcharsws3858}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot10768727\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10768727 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe3082\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp3082 {\insrsid10768727 PLASMA CANNON
\par X-Net://Pegasus.net/Armament/Plasma Cannon
\par 
\par The plasma cannon is a product of X-Corps research into the Aliens' plasma weaponry, and represents the first human plasma weapon design. The research team has done its work well - the plasma cannon
 easily outperforms every conventional weapon system in terms of damage output, and outranges them all save for the Titan missile. Unlike other plasma weapons, the plasma cannon does not require separately manufactured clips. Instead, it includes a system
 which performs all of the required processing, allowing the reactants to be pumped directly into the cannon's storage tanks.  
\par 
\par The X-Corps has improved the efficiency, muzzle velocity, and range compared to personnel plasma weapons, and added mechanisms t
o evenly mix reactants and fire plasma under combat flight conditions. The system is stable enough to allow operation under velocities and accelerations far greater than standard military craft are able to achieve. X-corps researchers have also increased 
t
he size of the cannon far above that of a handheld device, and redesigned the ammunition system to allow for clipless operation.  While aircraft mass and volume limitations dictate that only a finite amount of ammunition can be carried, its 99 shot capaci
ty should be sufficient for any encounter.
\par 
\par The ammunition system has been totally refurbished, and is more complex than its predecessors. Adding ammunition is a three-step process simple enough to be performed by even the most inexperienced aircraft mainte
nance crew member. First, Xenium is placed inside a small chamber located on the side of the cannon, where it is fractured into powder by an integrated X-ray laser. A mixture of shredded uranium, iron, and carbon is added to the powderized Xenium to form 
a
 gel. The addition of highly-purified heavy water to the gel completes the ammunition loading process. Due to the potential danger of plasma destabilization, the cannon includes systems to automatically test all materials for purity before use. Though the
 radiation dosage from the uranium component is infinitesimal, all crewmembers are required to wear radiation counters and adhere to standard radiation safety precautions.
\par 
\par Aside from the above-mentioned alterations, the plasma cannon operates in the same m
anner as handheld plasma weapons, with the usual two-mixture ammunition and EM-triggered explosion. Eight magnetodynamic prongs collimate the burst.  The Xenium in the plasma burst is slowly expended even after the shot leaves the barrel, but enough is pr
e
sent in each burst to maintain a coherent gravity bubble for 52km. This gravity bubble bursts upon striking the target, releasing the superheated contents.  The plasma then spreads outward rapidly and consumes any materials in its wake.  Although we expec
t
 UFOs to possess some partial immunity to plasma weaponry due to the heat-resistant nature of Alien Composites, the incredible power of the plasma cannon ensures that an impressive amount of damage will be inflicted. Against Alien Composites, the plasma c
annon is 10x as effective as a Sidewinder, and 6.5x as effective as a Titan, before considering differences in range or ammunition capacity.
\par 
\par A scaled-down plasma cannon could conceivably be mounted on an XCAP.  However, preliminary research indicates that a conventional, treaded XCAP, although able to support the weight of the equipment, would be difficult to maneuver and would run a high risk
 of being stuck in difficult terrain.  Research into the design principles of UFO's may lead to new XCAP designs that can address these concerns.
\par 
\par "At first I was skeptical, wondering how it could do all that much damage - it's not like it uses explosives or anything. After they tested it, the target was gone and part of the back wall had melted away. I never questioned the cannon after that."}{
\insrsid14175839 
\par }}